Q. How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday?  A. Tell her a joke on Wednesday.
Q. How do you confuse a blonde?  A. You can't, they have always been like that.
Q. Why did the blonde scale the chain-link fence?  A. To see what was on the other side.
Q. How do you amuse a blonde for hours?  A. Write 'Please turn over' on both sides of a piece of paper.
Q. What do twenty blondes standing ear to ear make?  A. A wind tunnel.
Q. How do you confuse a blonde?  A. Put them in a round room and tell them to sit in the corner.
Q. How does a blonde try to kill a fish?  A. She drowns it.
Q. What did the blonde's left leg say to her right leg?  A. Between the two of us, we can make a lot of money.
Q. How does a blonde part their hair?  A. By doing the splits.
Q. What did the blondes right leg say to the left leg?  A. Nothing, they haven't met!
Q. A blonde is going to London on a plane. How can you steal her window seat?  A. Tell her the seats that are going to London are all in the middle row.
Q. Why do blondes wash their hair in the sink?  A. Because that's where you’re supposed to wash vegetables.
Q. What's a blondes favorite nursery rhyme?  A. Humpme Dumpme
Q. Why did the blonde like the car with a sunroof?  A. More leg-room!
Q. Why don't blondes use vibrators?  A. They chip their teeth.
Q. How does a blonde like her eggs in the morning?  A. Fertilized
Q. Why do blondes like tilt steering?  A. More headroom
Q. Why is a blonde like a doorknob?  A. Because everyone gets a turn.
Q. What's the difference between a blonde and a bowling ball?  A. You can only fit 3 fingers in a bowling ball.
Q. What does a screen door and a blonde have in common?  A. The more you bang it, the looser it gets!
Q. What do you call 20 blondes in a freezer?  A. Frosted Flakes
Q. What do you call a dumb blonde behind a steering wheel?  A. An airbag.
Q. How can you tell a blonde has had a bad day?  A. She has a tampon tucked under her ear and she can't find her pencil.
Q. What does the Bermuda Triangle and a blonde have in common?  A. They both swallowed a lot of semen.
Q. What's the difference between a blonde and an ironing board?  A. Its difficult to open the legs on an ironing board.
Q. How did the blonde burn her nose?  A. Bobbing for chips.
Q. What do you call a zit on a blondes ass?  A. Brain tumor.
Q. Why does a blonde insist on him wearing a condom?  A. So she can have a doggie bag for later.
Q. How would a blonde punctuate the following: "Fun fun fun worry worry worry"A. Fun period fun period fun no period worry worry worry....
Q. What does a blonde say after multiple orgasms?  A. "Way to go team!"
Q. What do you call a blonde with a runny nose?  A. FULL
Q. What happened to the blonde tap dancer?  A. She slipped off and fell down the drain.
Q. Why did the deaf blonde sit on the newspaper?  A. So she could lip read.
Q. Why is it good to have a blonde passenger?  A. You get to park in the handicap zone.
Q. What do you call a blonde with 2 brain cells?  A. Pregnant.
Q. What's the difference between a blonde and a 747?  A. Not everyone has been in a 747.
Q. What's the difference between butter and a blonde?  A. Butter is difficult to spread.
Q. What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you?  A. Pull the pin and throw it back.
Q. What do you call it when a blonde dies her hair brunette?  A. Artificial intelligence.
Q. What do you call a blonde standing on her head?  A. A brunette with bad breath.
Q. What do blondes and cow poop have in common?  A. The older they get, the easier they are to pick up.
Q. How does a blond turn on the light after sex?  A. She opens the car door.
Q. What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito?  A. When you smack the mosquito it stops sucking!!
Q. What does a blonde say when you ask her what the last two words of the national anthem are?  A. Play ball!
Q. What do smart blondes and UFO's have in common?  A. You always hear about them but never see them.
Q. Why did the blonde stare at the can of frozen orange juice?  A. Cause it said concentrate.
Q. What's the difference between a blonde and the Titanic?  A. They know how many went down on the Titanic.
Q. How can you tell if a blonde has been using your computer?  A. The joystick is wet.
Q: How can you tell if a blonde's been using the computer?  A: There's white-out on the screen.
Q. Why do blondes wear underwear?  A. To keep their ankles warm.
Q. What is a brunette between two blondes?  A. An interpreter.
Q. What's the difference between a blonde and a brick?  A. The brick doesn't follow you home after you lay it.
Q. Did you hear about the blonde that needed gas money?  A. She sold her car for it...
Q. What did the blonde say when she found out she was pregnant?  A. "Are you sure it's mine?"
Q. Why do blondes have bruised belly buttons?  A. Because they have blond boyfriends
Q. What do blondes and beer bottles have in common?  A. They’re both empty from the neck up
Q. What do you call a blond with a brain?  A. A golden retriever.
Q. What do you call a blonde in the closet?  A. The 1984 hide and go seek champion.
Q. How can you tell that a blonde sent you a fax?  A. It has a stamp on it.
Q. What do you call a room full of blondes with PMS and yeast infections?  A. A wine and cheese party!
Q. How do you drown a blonde?  A. Put a scratch 'n sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool.
Q. Hear about the blonde that bought an AM radio?  A. It took her a month to figure out she could play it at night too.
Q. What did the blonde say when she saw the banana peel on the floor?  A. Oh no, I'm going to fall again!
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a solar powered calculator?  A: The blonde works in the dark!
Q: How can you tell if a blonde has been using the computer?  A: The joystick is wet.
Q: What does a blonde put behind her ears to make her more attractive?  A: Her ankles.
Q: What do you say to a Blonde that won't give in?  A: "Have another beer."
Q: What do Blondes say after sex?  A1: Thanks Guys.  A2: Are you boys all in the same band?    A3: Do you guys all play for the Green Bay Packers?
Q: How do you make a blonde's eyes twinkle?  A: Shine a flashlight in their ear.
Q: What does a screen door and a blonde have in common?  A: The more you bang it the looser it gets.
Q: What does a blond and a beer bottle have in common?  A: They're both empty from the neck up.
Q: What do blonds and spaghetti have in common?  A: They both wriggle when you eat them.
Q: Why was the blondes' belly button sore ?  A: Because her boyfriend was blonde too.
Q: How do you get a blond out of a tree?  A: Wave
Q: What do peroxide blonds and black men have in common?  A: They both have black roots.
Q: What does a blonde owl say?  A: What, what?
Q: What do you call a zit on a blonde's ass?  A: A brain tumor.
Q: What do you get when you turn 3 blondes upside-down?  A: Two brunettes.
Q: What's the Blonde's cheer?  A: " I'm blonde, I'm blonde, I'm B.L.O.N....ah, oh well.. I'm blonde, I'm blonde, yea yea yea..."
Q: Why did the blonde scale the chain-link fence?  A: To see what was on the other side.
Q: Why did the blonde fail at being a prostitute?  A: Because she gave blow-jobs literally.
Q: Why did the blonde smile when she walked the marriage aisle?  A: She realized she gave her last blowjob.
Q: Why do blondes give such good blowjobs?  A: Because that's what they train for all their lives.
Q: Why did the blonde tattoo her zip code on her stomach?  A: So her male would get delivered to the right box.
Q: Why did the blonde have tire tread marks on her back?  A: From crawling across the street when the sign said "DON'T WALK".
Q: Why did the blonde keep a coat hanger in her back seat?  A: In case she locks the keys in her car.
Q: Why did the blonde tip-toe past the medicine cabinet?  A: So she wouldn't wake up the sleeping pills.
Q: Why did the deaf blonde sit on a newspaper?  A: So she could lip read.
Q: Why did God create blondes?  A: Because sheep can't bring beer from the fridge.
Q: Why did God create brunettes?  A: Neither could the blondes.
Q: Why did the blonde wear condoms on her ears?  A: So she wouldn't get Hearing Aides.
Q: Why did the blonde drive into the ditch?  A: To turn the blinker off.
Q: Why did the blonde try and steal a police car?  A: She saw "911" on the back and thought it was a Porsche.
Q: Why didn't the blonde want a window seat on the plane?  A: She'd just blow dried her hair and she didn't want it blown around too much.
Q: Why did the blonde stop using the pill?  A: Because it kept falling out.
Q: Why did the blonde get so excited after she finished her jigsaw puzzle in only 6 months?  A: Because on the box it said From 2-4 years.
Q: How do you confuse a blonde?  A: Ask her to alphabetize a bag of M&Ms.
Q: Why does it work?  A: "Does 3 come before E or does it go between M and W?"
Q: Why did the blonde call the welfare office?  A: She wanted to know how to cook food stamps!
Q: What is the blonde's favorite potato chip?  A: Free-to-lay (Frito-Lay).
Q: What is blond, brunette, blond, brunette, ....?  A: A blond doing cartwheels.
Q: What is the connection between a blonde and a halogen headlamp?  A: They both get screwed on the front of a Ford Escort.
Q: Did you hear about the blond skydiver?  A: She missed the Earth!
Q: Did you hear about the blond who had two chances to get pregnant?  A: She blew it both times!
Q: What do a moped and a blond have in common?  A: They're both fun to ride until a friend sees you on one.
Q: How do you know when a blond's been in your frige?  A: Lipstick on the cucumbers!
Q: What do a blonde and an instant lottery ticket have in common?  A: All you have to do is scratch the box to win.
Q: What is the difference between a blonde and an inflatable doll?  A: About 2 cans of hair spray
Q: What's the quickest way to get into a blondes pants?  A: Pick them up off the floor.
Q: Where do blondes go to meet their relatives?  A: The vegetable garden.
Q: How many blondes does it take to play tag?  A: One.
Q: What do you call four Blondes in a Volkswagon?  A: Far-from-thinkin
Q: Why don't they let Blondes swim in the ocean?  A: Because they can't get the smell out of the tuna.
Q: What happened to the blonde tap dancer?  A: She slipped off and fell down the drain.
Q: What is the irritating part around a blonde's vagina?  A1: The Blonde!  A2: The other guys waiting their turn.
Q: What did the blonde say when asked if she'd ever been picked up by 'the fuzz'?  A: 'No. But I've been swung around by the tits.'
Q: What did the blonde say when she looked into a box of Cheerios?  A: "Oh look! Donut seeds!"
Q: What did the blonde name her pet zebra?  A: Spot.
Q: What's a blonds' favourite rock group?  A: Air Supply.
Q: Whats black and fuzzy and hangs from the ceiling?  A: A blond electrician.
Q: Why are dumb blonde jokes so short?  A: So brunettes can remember them.
Q: Why are blondes like cornflakes ?  A: Because they're simple, easy and they taste good.
Q: Why can't blondes put in light bulbs?  A: They keep breaking them with the hammers.
Q: What is a cool refreshing drink for a blonde?  A: Perri-air
Q: Did you hear about the blonde coyote?  A: Got stuck in a trap, chewed off three legs and was still stuck.
Q: When is it legal to shoot a blonde in the head?  A: When you have a tire pump to reinflate it!
Q: What is a blonde's favorite part of a gas station?  A: The Air Pump!
Q: Why was the blonde upset when she got her Driver's License?  A: Because she got an F in sex.
Q: Did you here about the blonde who shot an arrow into the air?  A: She missed.
Q: Why can't blondes be cattle ranchers?  A: They can't keep their calves together!
Q: When does a brunette have 1/2 of a brain?  A: After a dye job.
Q: What's a blonde's favorite nursery rhyme?  A: Humpme Dumpme.
Q: What did the blonde customer say to the buxom waitress (reading her nametag) ?  A: "'Debbie'...that's cute. What did you name the other one ?"
Q: What goes VROOM, SCREECH,VROOM, SCREECH,VROOM, SCREECH?  A: A blonde going through a flashing red light.
Q: Why are there lip stick stains on the steering wheel after a blonde drives a car?  A: Because she blows the horn!
Q: Why is a blonde like a door knob?  A: Because everybody gets a turn.
Q: Why is a blonde like railroad tracks?  A: Because she's been laid all over the country.
Q: Did you hear about the blonde lesbian?  A: She kept having affairs with men!
Q: What does a blonde do if she is not in bed by 10?  A: She picks up her purse and goes home.
Q: To a blonde, what is long and hard?  A: Grade 4.
Q: What is the definition of gross ignorance?  A: 144 blondes.
Q: Why is 68 the maximum speed for blonds?  A: Because at 69 they blow a rod...
Q: What is the difference between a blonde and a refrigerator?  A: A refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull your meat out of it.
Q: Did you hear about the blonde couple that were found frozen to death in their car at a drive-in movie theater?  A: They went to see "Closed for the Winter".
Q: What is the definition of the perfect woman?  A: A deaf and dumb blonde nymphomaniac whose father owns a pub.
Q: Why is a blonde like an old washing machine?  A: They both drip when they're fucked.
Q: How would a blond punctuate the following?: "Fun fun fun worry worry worry"A: Fun period fun period fun NO PERIOD worry worry worry!
Q: Why is the blonde's brain the size of a pea in the morning?  A: It swells at night.
Q: A blonde is walking down the street with a pig under her arm. She passes a person who asks "Where did you get that?"A: The pig says, "I won her in a raffle!"
Q: A blonde ordered a pizza and the clerk asked if he should cut it in six or twelve pieces.A: "Six, please. I could never eat twelve pieces."
Q: What's a blonde's idea of safe sex?  A: Locking the car door.
Q: Why did the blonde keep failing her driver's test?  A: Because every time the door opened, she jumped into the back seat.
Q: What did the blonde do when she heard that 90% of accidents occur around the home?  A: She moved.
Q: What's five miles long and has an IQ of forty?  A: A blonde parade.
Q: Why is it okay for blondes to catch cold?  A: They don't have to worry about blowing their brains out.
Q: Did you hear about the blonde who tried to blow up her husband's car?  A: She burned her lips on the tailpipe.
Q: What do you call an eternity?  A: Four Blondes in four cars at a four-way stop.
Q: What do smart Blondes and UFOs have in common?  A: You always hear about them, but never actually see them.
Q: Why does it take longer to build a Blonde snowman?  A: You have to hollow out the head.
Q: Did you hear about the Blonde that got an AM radio?  A: It took her a month to realize she could also listen to it in the afternoon.
Q: What do you call a Blonde with half a brain?  A: Gifted!
Q: How do a Blonde's brain cells die?  A: Alone. Terribly alone.
Q: What do you call a Blonde with 2 brain cells?  A: Pregnant.
Q: What do you call it when a Blonde dies her hair brunette?  A: Artificial intelligence.
Q: Why do Blondes wash their hair in the sink?  A: Because silly, that's where you're SUPPOSED to wash vegetables!
Q: When does a brunette have 1/2 of a brain?  A: After a dye job.
Q: Why do Blondes wear their hair up?  A: To catch everything that goes over their heads.
Q: Why is it good to have a Blonde passenger?  A: So you can park in the handicap zone.
Q: What was the Blonde psychic's greatest achievment?  A: An IN-body experience!
Q: How do you make a Blonde's eyes light up?  A: Shine a flashlight in her ear.
Q: Why should Blondes not be given coffee breaks?  A: It takes too long to retrain them.
Q: How can you tell if a Blonde's been using the computer?  A: There's white-out on the screen.
Q: How can you tell if another Blonde's been using the computer?  A: There's writing on the white-out.
Q: What's the difference between a Blonde and a computer?  A: You only have to punch information into a computer once.
Q: What did the Blonde think of the new computer?  A: She didn't like it because she couldn't get channel 9.
Q: Why do Blondes wear shoulder pads?  A: (With a rocking of the head from side to side) Like, I dunno!
Q: How do you kill a Blonde?  A: Put spikes in her shoulder pads.
Q: How do Blondes pierce their ears?  A: They put tacks in their shoulder pads.
Q: Why don't Blondes eat Jello?  A: They can't figure out how to get two cups of water into those little packages.
Q: Why don't Blondes eat pickles?  A: Because they can't get their head into the jar.
Q: Why don't Blondes eat bananas?  A1: They can't find the zipper.  A2: They can't find the pull tab.
Q: How did the Blonde die ice fishing?  A: She was run over by the Zamboni machine.
Q: Why do Blondes drive BMWs?  A: Because they can spell it.
Q: Why do Blondes have TGIF on their shoes?  A: Toes Go In First.
Q: What do you call a brunette with a Blonde on either side?  A: An interpreter.
Q: What do you call a Blonde between two brunettes?  A: A mental block.
Q: What does a Blonde say when you blow in their ear?  A: "Thanks for the refill!"
Q: What is it called when a Blonde blows in another Blonde's ear?  A: Data transfer.
Q: What did the Blonde customer say to the buxom waitress (reading her name tag)?  A: "'Debbie'...that's cute. What did you name the other one?"
Q: What do you call 15 Blondes in a circle?  A: A dope ring.
Q: What do you do when a Blonde throes a hand grenade at you?  A: Pull the pin and throw it back.
Q: What do you do when a Blonde throws a pin at you?  A: Run like Heck....she's got a hand grenade in her mouth.
Q: If a Blonde and a brunette are tossed off a building, who hits the ground first?  A: The brunette. The Blonde has to stop to ask for directions.
Q: What happens when a Blonde gets Alzheimers disease?  A: Her IQ goes up!
Q: Why do Blondes have square boobs?  A: Because they forget to take the tissues out of the box.
Q: How many Blondes does it take to make chocolate-chip cookies?  A: Two...one to make batter and one to peel the M&Ms.
Q: What do you get when you offer a Blonde a penny for her thoughts?  A: Change.
Q: Why does a Blonde change her baby's diapers every month?  A: Because it says right on it "good for up to 20 pounds."
Q: How did the Blonde try to kill the bird?  A: She threw it off a cliff.
Q: How does a Blonde kill a fish?  A: She drowns it.
Q: Why did the Blonde get so excited after she finished her jigsaw puzzle in only 6 months?  A: Because on the box it said 'From 2-4 years'.
Q: What do you call a fly buzzing inside a Blonde's head?  A: A Space Invader.
Q: What's a Blonde's favorite rock group?  A: Air Supply.
Q: Why do Blondes drive VW's?  A: Because they can't spell PORSCHE!
Q: How do you make a Blonde laugh on Monday mornings?  A: Tell them a joke on Friday night!
Q: What do you call a Blonde in a tree with a brief case?  A: Branch Manager.
Q: How did the Blonde break her leg raking leaves?  A: She fell out of the tree.
Q: Why do Blondes have see-through lunch box lids?  A1: So they know if it is morning or afternoon.  A2: So that when they're on the train they can tell if they're going to work or coming home.
Q: What's black and fuzzy and hangs from the ceiling?  A: A Blonde electrician.
Q: Why are dumb Blonde jokes so short?  A1: So brunettes can remember them.  A2: Because Blondes are so SHALLOW a long joke wouldn't fit.  A3: So men can understand them.
Q: What did the Blonde say to the physicist?  A: "Why, I just love nuclear fission! What do you use for bait?"
Q: What job function does a Blonde have in an M&M factory?  A: Proofreading.
Q: Do you know why the Blonde proofreader got fired from the M&M factory?  A: For throwing out the W's.
Q: Why did the Blonde try to steal a police car?  A: She saw "911" and thought it was a Porsche.
Q: What do you call a Blonde skeleton in the closet?  A: Last year's hide and seek champ.
Q: What's the difference between a Blonde and a shopping cart?  A: The shopping cart has a mind of its own.
Q: What does a Blonde say when you ask her if her blinker is on?  A: It's on. It's off. It's on. It's off. It's on. It's off.
Q: Why did the Blonde drive into the ditch?  A: To turn the blinker off.
Q: What goes VROOM, SCREECH,VROOM, SCREECH,VROOM, SCREECH?  A: A Blonde going through a flashing red light.
Q: Did you hear about the Blonde couple that were found frozen to death in their car at a drive-in movie theater?  A: They went to see 'Closed for the Winter'.
Q: What did they name the offspring of a Blonde and a Puerto Rican?  A: Retardo.
Q: Did you hear about the Blonde coyote?  A: Got stuck in a trap, chewed off three legs and was still stuck.
Q: What did the Blonde say when she knocked over the priceless Ming vase?  A: "It's OK Daddy, I'm not hurt."
Q: How does a Blonde commit suicide?  A: She gathers her clothes into a pile and jumps off.
Q: How do you plant dope?  A: Bury a Blonde.
Q: How do you get a one-armed Blonde out of a tree?  A: Wave to her.
Q: What does a Blonde think innuendo is?  A: An Italian suppository.
Q: How do you confuse a Blonde?  A: You don't. They're born that way.
Q: How did the Blonde die drinking milk?  A: The cow fell on her.
Q: How did the Blonde burn her nose?  A: Bobbing for french fries.
Q: How can you tell when a FAX has been sent by a Blonde?  A: There is a stamp on it.
Q: How can you tell if a Blonde is a good cook?  A: She gets the pop tarts out of the toaster in one piece.
Q: Why do Blondes like lightning?  A: They think someone is taking their picture.
Q: Why do all Blondes all have a dimple on their chin and a flat forehead?  A: Finger on chin-I don't know. Hits forehead-Oh I get it!
Q: Why don't Blondes double recipes?  A: The oven doesn't go to 700 degrees.
Q: Why don't Blondes make good pharmacists?  A: They can't get the bottle into the typewriter.
Q: Why don't Blondes call 911 in an emergency?  A1: They can't remember the number.  A2: They can't find the number 11 on the telephone.
Q: What does a Blonde owl say?  A: What, what?
Q: What does a Blonde make best for dinner?  A: Reservations.
Q: Why did the Blonde scale the chain-link fence?  A: To see what was on the other side.
Q: Why did the Blonde keep a coat hanger in her back seat?  A: In case she locks the keys in her car.
Q: Why did the Blonde tiptoe past the medicine cabinet?  A: So she wouldn't wake up the sleeping pills.
Q: Why did the Blonde want to become a veterinarian?  A: Because she loved children.
Q: What are the worst six years in a Blonde's life?  A: Third Grade.
Q: What is the definition of gross ignorance?  A: 144 Blondes.
Q: Why is the Blonde's brain the size of a pea in the morning?  A: It swells at night.
Q: What did the Blonde do when she heard that 90% of accidents occur around the home?  A: She moved.
Q: What's five miles long and has an IQ of forty?  A: A Blonde parade.
Q: Why is it okay for Blondes to catch cold?  A: They don't have to worry about blowing their brains out.
Q: How do you keep a Blonde in suspense?  A: (I'll tell you tomorrow.)
Q: What do you call a Blonde wearing a leather jacket on a motorcycle?  A: Rebel without a clue.
Q: What does Dr. McCoy say before he performs brain surgery on a Blonde?  A: "Space. The final frontier......"
Q: What can strike a Blonde without her even knowing it?  A: A thought.
Q: How many Blondes does it take to play Hide and Seek?  A: One.
Q: Why couldn't the Blonde write the number ELEVEN ?  A: She didn't know which ONE came first...
Q: What do you call four Blondes in a Volkswagen?  A: Far-from-thinkin'
Q: What happened to the Blonde tap dancer?  A: She slipped off and fell down the drain.
Q: What did the Blonde get on her A.C.T.?  A: Nail polish!
Q: How does a blond kill a fish?  A: She drowns it!  
Q: How does a blond kill a bird?  A: She throws it off a cliff!  
Q: How does a blonde lose five pounds?  A: She takes off her make-up.  
Q: Why do blondes wash their hair in the sink?  A: Because, that's where you're supposed to wash vegetables!  
Q: Why do blondes wear their hair up?  A: To catch everything that goes over their heads.  
Q: What did the blonde think of the new computer?  A: She didn't like it because she couldn't get channel 
Q: Where do blondes go to meet their relatives?  A: The vegetable garden. 
Q: What happened to the blonde tap dancer?  A: She slipped off and fell down the drain.  
Q: Did you hear about the blond skydiver?  A: She missed the Earth!  
Q: Why did the blonde keep ice cubes in the freezer?  A: So she could keep the refrigerator cold.  
Q: Why does a blonde drive a BMW?  A: Cuz she can spell it...  
Q: How Do You Confuse A Dumd Blond?  A: Put Her In A Room Shaped Like A Circle And Say Go Sit In The Corner..  
Q: What do you call a blonde holding a balloon?  A: Siamese twins  
Q: How is a blonde like a a bottle?  A: They're both empty from neck up  
Q: What did the blonde say about blonde jokes?  A: She said they were pretty good, but they might offend some Puerto  Ricans.  
Q: How do you confuse a blonde?  A: You don't. They are born that way.  
Q: Why do blondes hate M&Ms?  A: They're too hard too peel.  
Q: How do you know when a blonde has been making chocolate chip cookies?  A: You find the M&M shells all over the kitchen floor.  
Q: What job function does a blonde have in an M&M factory?  A: Proofreading.  
Q: How do you keep a blonde in suspsense?  A: I'll post this answer tomorrow.  
Q: Why do blonde wear shoulder pads?  A: To keep from bruising their ears.  
Q: What does "Bones" McCoy say before he preforms brain surgery on a blonde?  A: "Space. The final frontier....."  
Q: What's brown and red and black and blue?  A: A brunette who's told one too many blonde jokes.  
Q: How does the blonde car pool work?  A: They all meet at work at 7:
Q: How do you know that a fax came from a blonde?  A: There is a stamp on it.  
Q: What do you do if a blond throws a grenade at you?  A: Pull the pin and throw it back!  
Q. What does a U.F.O and an intellegent blonde have in common?  A. You always hear about them... but you never see them!  
Q: Why did the blonde put lipstick on her forehead?  A: She was trying to make up her mind!  
Q. How many blondes does it take to change a light bulb?  A. Who knows? It has never been done!  
Q: Why did blonde throw a puppy on a bun & in the microwave?  A: She wanted a hotdog.  
Q: What did the blonde do when she broke her tuperware?  A: Called the plastic surgeon.  
Q: What is 500 ft. long and has an IQ of 40?  A: A blonde parade!  
Q: Why did the blonde smile everytime there was a flash of lightning?  A: She though someone was taking her picture.  
Q: What's the advantage of marrying a blonde?  A: You get to park in the handicapped zone.  
Q: What happens when a blonde gets Alzheimers disease?  A: Her IQ goes up.  
Q: How did the blonde die ice fishing?  A: She was run over by the zamboni machine.  
Q: How do you steal the window seat of a blonde going to Paris?  A: Tell her the seats that are going to Paris are all in the middle row.  
Q: What do you do when a blonde throws a pin at you?  A: RUN LIKE HECK...she's got a hand grenade in her mouth.  
Q: What do you call a blonde golfer with an IQ of 125?  A: A foursome.  
Q: Why did the blonde scale the chain-link fence?  A: To see what was on the other side.  
Q: Why did they stop doing the "Wave" at BYU?  A: The blonde were drowning.  
Q: Why did the blonde keep a coat hanger in her back seat?  A: In case she locks her keys in the car.  
Q: Why did the blonde tip-toe past the medicine cabinet?  A: So she wouldn't wake up the sleeping pills.  
Q: Why can't blondes make ice cubes?  A: They always forget the recipe.  
Q: Did you hear about the blonde that was treated at the emergency  room for a concussion and severe head wounds?  A: She tried to commit suicide by hanging herself with a bungie cord.  
Q: Did you hear about the blonde that almost caused a wreck?  A: The spare tire in her trunk blew out.  
Q: Did you hear about the blonde who couldn't wait to see "20,000 Leagues under the sea?  A: She said that she loved baseball, and was surprised that there  were so many teams.  
Q: Why did the blonde stand in front of a mirror with her eyes closed?  A: She wanted to see what she looked like sleeping.  
Q: How did the blonde break her leg playing hockey with the Toronto Maple Leaves?  A: She fell out of the tree.  
Q: How many blondes does it take to play Hide and Seek?  A: One  
Q: Why couldn't the blonde write the number ELEVEN?  A: She couldn't figure out which one to write first.  
Q: What do you call a blonde with 90% of her intelligence gone?  A: A widow.  
Q: How many blondes does it take to make a circuit?  A: Two: one to stand in the bathtub, and another to hand her the blow dryer.  
Q: How did the blonde die drinking milk?  A: The cow fell on her.  
Q: How did the blonde break her leg raking leaves"  A: She fell out of the tree.  
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a computer?  A: You only have to punch information into a computer once.  
Q: How can you tell when a FAX has been sent by a blonde?  A: There is a stamp on it.  
Q: Why didn't the blonde want to fax her resume?  A: It was her only copy.  
Q: How can you tell if a blonde is a good cook?  A: She gets the pop tarts out of the toaster in one piece.  
Q: Why is it good to have a blonde passenger?  A: You get to park in the handicap zone.  
Q: Why does NASA hire blondes?  A: They are doing research on black holes and empty space.  
Q: Why do blondes have see-through lunch box space?  A1: So they know if it is morning or afternoon.    A2: So that when they are on the bus they can tell if they are coming home or going to work.  
Q: Why do men like blonde jokes?  A: Because they can understand them.  
Q: Why do all blondes have a dimple on their chin and a flat forehead?  A: (Finger on chin) "Duh, I don't know" (hits forehead) "Oh, I get it!"  
Q: Why do blondes have little holes all over their faces?  A: From eating with forks.  
Q: Why do blondes have more fun?  A1: Because they don't know any better.    A2: They are easier to keep amused.  
Q: Why do blondes put their hair in ponytails?  A: To cover up the valve stem.  
Q: Why do blondes like the GST? (Goods and Service Tax in Canada)  A: Because they can spell it.  
Q: Why don't blondes double recipes?  A: The over doesn't go to 700 degrees.  
Q: Why don't blondes make good pharmacists?  A: They can't get the bottle into the typewriter.  
Q: Why don't blondes call 911 in an emergency?  A1: They can't remember the number.    A2: She can't find the number 11 on the telephone buttons.  
Q: Why don't blondes eat jello?  A: They can't figure out how to get two cups of water into those little packages.  
Q: How many blondes does it take to change a lightbulb?  A1: What's a lightbulb.    A2: One. She holds the bulb and waits for the world to revolve around her.    A3: Two. One to hold the Diet Pepsi, and one to call, "Daaaaddy!"  
Q: Santa Clause, the Tooth Fairy, a dumb blonde, and a smart blonde are walking down the street when they spot a $10 bill. Who picks it up?  A: The dumb blonde, because there is no such thing as Santa Claus, the Tooth Fairy or a smart blonde.  
Q: If a blonde and a brunette are tossed off a building, who hits the ground off?  A: The brunette. The blonde has to stop to ask for directions.  
Q: What is the difference between a smart blonde and Bigfoot?  A: There have been reported sightings of Bigfoot.  
Q: What does a blonde make best for dinner?  A: Reservations.  
Q: What do you get when you offer a blonde a penny for her thoughts?  A: Change.  
Q: What does a blonde say if you blow in her ear?  A: "Thanks for the refill."  
Q: What do you call a basement full of blondes?  A: A whine cellar.  
Q: What do you call 4 blondes lying on the ground?  A: An air mattress.  
Q: What do you call a blonde between two brunettes?  A: A mental block.  
Q: What do you call 15 blondes in a circle?  A: A dope ring.  
Q: What do you call an unmarried blonde in a BMW?  A: Divorcee  
Q: What do you call a blonde in an institution of higher learning?  A: A visitor.  
Q: Why did the blonde bake a chicken for 3 and a half days?  A: It said cook it for half an hour per pound and she weighed 125 lbs.  
Q: Why did the blonde put her finger over the nail when she was hammering?  A: The noise gave her a headache.  
Q: Why did the blonde have blisters on her lips?  A: From trying to blow out lightbulbs.  
Q: Why don't blondes have elevator jobs?  A: They get lost.  
Q: Why do blondes work seven days a week?  A: So you don't have to retrain them on Monday.  
Q: What is the difference between elvis and smart blondes?  A: Elvis has been sighted.  
Q: What is the difference between a blonde and a shopping cart?  A: The shopping cart has a mind of its own.  
Q: What do you call a blonde in a tree with a brief case?  A: Branch Manager  
Q: What do you call a smart blonde?  A: A golden retriever.  
Q: What do you see when you look into a blonde's eyes?  A: The back of her head.  
Q: What do you call it when a blonde dyes her hair brunette?  A: Ariticial intelligence.  
Q: What does a blonde owl say?  A: What, What?  
Q: How many blondes does it take to make chocolate-chip cookies?  A: 10. One to mix the dough and nine to peel the smarties.  
Q: What's the blonde's cheer?  A: "I'm blonde, I'm blonde, I'm B. L. O. N....ah, oh well..I'm blonde, I'm blonde, yea, yea, yea..." 
Q: Why do blondes have vaginas?  A: So guys will talk to them at parties.
Q: What do you call a blonde with a runny nose?  A: Full.
Q: What does a blonde answer to the question "Are you sexually active?"A: "No, I just lie there.
Q: What do you call 10 blondes at the bottom of the pool?  A: Air pockets.
Q: What's brown and red and black and blue?  A: A brunette who's told one too many blonde jokes.
Q: What do you call a brunette and three blondes on a corner?  A: You don't, you see if you've got 3 condoms.
Q: How does the blonde car pool work?  A: They all meet at work at 7:45.
Q: What happens when a blonde gets Alzheimer's disease?  A: Her IQ goes up! 
Q: Why was the blonde disappointed with her trip to England?  A: She found out Big Ben is only a clock.
Q: Why can't blondes make ice cubes?  A: They always forget the recipe.
Q: Why do blonde's find it difficult to marry?  A: Because you don't have to marry them to have sex with them! 
Q: Did you hear about the sophisticated blonde?  A: She thought her period was French Provincial.
Q: Did you hear about the blonde whose boyfriend say id he loved her?  A: She believed him.
Q: Did you hear about the new epidemic among blondes?  A: It's called MAIDS - if the don't get one, they die.
Q: Did you hear about the blond with a Masters degree in Psychology?  A: She'll blow your mind, too.
Q: Did you hear about the new slogan for Miss Clairol's Hair Dye?  A: Buy a double batch and get a snatch to match.
Q: Did you hear about the conceited blonde?  A: She screams her own name when she comes.
Q: Did you hear about the blonde that robbed a bank?  A: She tied up the safe and blew the guard.
Q: Did you hear about the blonde who had an appendix operation?  A: Well, now she is making money on the side.
Q: Did you hear about the scared blonde nurse down by the water?  A: She won't go DOWN ON THE DOC.
Q: Did you hear about the blond that was treated at the emergency room for a concussion and severe head wounds?  A: She tried to commit suicide by hanging herself with a budgie cord.
Q: DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE BLONDE THAT ALMOST CAUSED A WRECK?  A: The spare tire in her trunk blew out.
Q: DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE BLONDE DOCTOR?  A: She shaved her patients, then took off their clothes.
Q: DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE BLONDE THAT ATE MOUNTAIN OYSTERS?  A: She was dragged 200 yards.
Q: Did you hear about the blonde who couldn't wait to see 20,000 leagues under the sea?  A: She said that she loved baseball, and was surprised that there were so many teams.
Q: DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE BLONDE WHO STOOD IN FRONT OF A MIRROR WITH HER EYES CLOSED?  A: She wanted to see what she looked like asleep.
Q: DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE NEW FORM OF BIRTH CONTROL FOR BLONDES?  A: They take off their makeup.
Q: Why won't a blonde drink beer at the beach?  A: She's afraid to get sand in her Busch.
Q: Why do blondes wear tight skirts?  A: To keep their legs together.
Q: Why did the blonde give up bowling for screwing?  A: The balls are lighter, and you don't have to change shoes.
Q: Why did the blonde get fired from the sperm bank?  A: Her employer found out she was embezzling.
Q: How did the blonde break her leg playing hockey with the Toronto Maple Leafs?  A: She fell out of the tree.
Q: HOW MANY BLONDES DOES IT TAKE TO SCREW IN A LIGHTBULB?  A: Blondes screw in back seats, not in lightbulbs, silly.
Q: How many blondes does it take to play Hide and Seek?  A: One.
Q: How did the blonde try to kill the bird?  A: She threw it off a cliff.
Q: How did the blonde break her leg raking leaves?  A: She fell out of the tree.
Q: How did the blonde die drinking milk?  A: The cow fell on her.
Q: How did the blonde burn her nose?  A: Bobbing for French fries.
Q: How can you tell which blonde is the waitress?  A: She is the one with the tampon behind her ear, wondering what she did with her pencil.
Q: How can you tell if a blonde has been in your refrigerator?  A: By the lipstick on your cucumbers.
Q: How can you tell if a blonde works in an office?  A: A bed in the stockroom and huge smiles on all the bosses' faces.
Q: How can you tell when a blonde is dating?  A: By the buckle print on her forehead.
Q: How can you tell who is a blonde's boyfriend?  A: He's the one with the belt buckle the matches the impression in her forehead! 
Q: How can you tell when a FAX had been sent from a blonde?  A: There is a stamp on it.
Q: How can you tell if a blonde is a good cook?  A: She gets the pop tarts out of the toaster in one piece.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a guy?  A: The blonde has the higher sperm count.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and the Panama Canal?  A: The Panama Canal is a busy ditch.
Q: What's the difference between a tribe of pygmies and a blonde track team?  A: The pygmies are a bunch of cunning runts.
Q: What is the difference between a crazy fighting hockey player and a blonde?  A: He is fussy by nature and would go to any length to get a puck.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a trampoline?  A: You take off your shoes before using a trampoline.
Q: What's the difference between Indiana and a blonde?  A: A blonde has larger hills and deeper valleys.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a toothbrush?  A: You don't let your best friend borrow your toothbrush.
Q: What is the difference between a blonde and a shower?  A: A shower has to be turned on to get wet.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and your job?  A: Your job still sucks after 6 months.
Q: What's the difference between a blond having her period and a terrorist?  A: You can negotiate with a terrorist.
Q: What is the difference between a blond and a toilet?  A: A toilet won't follow you around after you use it.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a rooster?  A: In the morning a rooster says, "Cock'll-doodl-doooo", while a blonde says, "Any-cock'll-doooo."
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a limousine?  A: Not everybody has been in a limo.
Q: What is the difference between a blonde and the Grand Old Duke of York?  A: The Grand Old Duke of York only 'had' 10000 men.
Q: What's the difference between a pit bull and a blonde with PMS?  A: Lipstick.
Q: Why is it good to have a blonde passenger?  A: You can park in the handicap zone.
Q: Why is a blonde like a turtle?  A: They both get fucked up when they're on their back.
Q: Why should blondes not be given coffee breaks?  A: It takes too long to retrain them.
Q: Did you hear about the blonde who tried to blow up her husband's car?  A: She burned her lips on the tailpipe.
Q: How do blonde braincells die ?  A: Alone.
Q: How do you brainwash a blonde?  A: Give her a douche and shake her upside down.
Q: How do you change a blonde's mind?  A1: Blow in her ear.  A2: Buy her another beer.
Q: How do you measure a blonde's intelligence?  A: Stick a tire pressure gauge in her ear!
Q: HOW DO YOU KEEP A BLONDE BUSY ALL DAY?  A: Put her in a round room and tell her to sit in the corner.
Q: HOW DID THE BLONDE DIE ICE FISHING?  A: She was run over by the zambonis machine.
Q: How do you get a blonde pregnant?  A: Come in her shoes and let the flies do the rest.
Q: How do you get a blonde to marry you?  A: Tell her she's pregnant.
Q: What will she ask you?  A: "Is it mine?"
Q: How do you get a blonde off of your knees?  A: Come.
Q: How does a blonde kill a fish?  A: She drowns it.
Q: A blond going to London on a plane, how can you steal her window seat?  A: Tell her the seats that are going to London are all in the middle row.
Q: How does a blonde hold her liquor?  A: By the ears.
Q: How do you know a blond likes you?  A: She screws you two nights in a row.
Q: How do you know a blonde has just lost her virginity?  A: Her crayons are still sticky.
Q: How does a blonde moonwalk?  A: She pulls down her panties and slides her ass along the floor!
Q: WHY IS A BLONDE LIKE AUSTRALIA?  A: They're both down under, and no one cares.
Q: WHY DOES A BLONDE LIKE THE NUMBER 77?  A: She likes to be 8 (ate) more.
Q: WHY DON`T BLONDES LIKE ANAL SEX?  A: They don`t like their brains being screwed with.
Q: WHY CAN`T BLONDES WATER-SKI?  A: When they get their crotch wet they think they have to lay down.
Q: WHY ARE BLONDES LIKE PIANOS?  A: When they aren't upright, they're grand.
Q: WHY ARE BLONDES SO EASY TO GET INTO BED?  A: Who cares?
Q: Why can't blondes count to 70?  A: Because 69 is a bit of a mouthful.
Q: Why are only 2% of blondes touch-typists?  A: The rest are hunt'n peckers.
Q: How is a blonde like peanut-butter?  A: They spread for the bread.
Q: What do you call a blonde on a waterbed?  A: Cherry Float
Q: What do Blondes say after sex?  A1: Thanks Guys.  A2: Are you boys all in the same band?    A3: Do you guys all play for the Green Bay Packers?
Q: How do you make a blonde's eyes twinkle?  A: Shine a flashlight in their ear.
Q: What does a screen door and a blonde have in common?  A: The more you bang it the looser it gets.
Q: What does a blond and a beer bottle have in common?  A: They're both empty from the neck up.
Q: What do blonds and spaghetti have in common?  A: They both wriggle when you eat them.
Q: WHAT DO YOU GIVE THE BLONDE WHO HAS EVERYTHING?  A: Penicillin.
Q: What do you call a blond mother-in-law?  A: An air bag.
Q: What nickname is most used by blondes in order to boost their popularity?  A: B.J.
Q: Why are blonde's coffins Y-shaped?  A: Because as soon as they are on their backs, their legs open.
Q: Why do Blondes wear earmuffs?  A: To avoid the draft.
Q: Why do blondes get confused in the ladies room?  A: They have to pull their own pants down.
Q: Why do blondes wear panties?  A: To keep their ankles warm.
Q: Why should you never take a blonde out for coffee?  A: It's too hard to re-train them.
Q: What do blondes do for foreplay?  A: Remove their underwear.
Q: What do blonde virgins eat?  A: Baby food.
Q: What's the mating call of the blonde?  A: "I'm *sooo* drunk!"
Q: What is the mating call of the ugly blonde?  A: (Screaming) "I said: I'm drunk!"
Q: What's the mating call of the brunette?  A1: "All the blondes have gone home!"  A2: Has that blonde gone yet?    A3: When is that blond bitch going to leave!?
Q: What's the mating call of the redhead?  A: "Next!"
Q: How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday?  A: Tell her a joke on Wednesday.
Q: WHAT IS BLONDE AND GREEN AND JUMPS FROM BED TO BED?  A: A prostitoad.
Q: WHAT IS 68 TO A BLONDE?  A: Where she goes down on you and you owe her one.
Q: What is the blonde doing when she holds her hands tightly over her ears?  A: Trying to hold on to a thought.
Q: Why did the blonde stare at frozen oranged juice can for 2 hours?  A: Because it said 'concentrate'.
Q: WHY DID THE BLONDE BAKE A CHICKEN FOR 3 AND A HALF DAYS?  A: It said cook it for half an hour per pound, and she weighed 125.
Q: WHY DID THE BLONDE PUT HER FINGER OVER THE NAIL WHEN SHE WAS HAMMERING?  A: The noise gave her a headache.
Q: WHY DID THE BLONDE HAVE BLISTERS ON HER LIPS?  A: From trying to blow out lightbulbs.
Q: Why did the blonde climb up to the roof of the bar?  A: She heard that the drinks were on the house.
Q: Why don't blondes have elevator jobs?  A: They don't know the route.
Q: Why do blondes work seven days a week?  A: So you don't have to retrain them on Monday.
Q: WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN ELVIS AND SMART BLONDES?  A: Elvis has been sighted.
Q: WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN BLONDES AND TRAFFIC SIGNS?  A: Some traffic signs say stop.
Q: WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN A BLONDE AND A LIGHTBULB?  A: The lightbulb is smarter, but the blonde is easier to turn on.
Q: WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN A BLONDE AND A BITCH?  A: A blonde will fuck anyone, a bitch will fuck anyone but you.
Q: WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN A BLONDE AND A SHOPPING CART?  A: The shopping cart has a mind of its own.
Q: WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN A CORN FARMER WITH EPILEPSY AND A BLONDE WITH DIARRHEA?  A: One shucks between fits.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and an ironing board?  A: It's difficult to open the legs of an ironing board.
Q: How do you measure a blonde's intelligence?  A: Stick a tire pressure gauge in her ear!
Q: How do you get a blonde to marry you?  A: Tell her she's pregnant.
Q: What will she ask you?  A: "Is it mine?"
Q: A blond going to London on a plane, how can you steal her window seat?  A: Tell her the seats that are going to London are all in the middle row.
Q: How does a blonde hold her liquor?  A: By the ears.
Q: Why should blondes not be given coffee breaks?  A: It takes too long to retrain them.
Q: How do you know a blonde likes you?  A: She screws you two nights in a row.
Q: How does a blonde moonwalk?  A: She pulls down her panties and slides her ass along the floor!
Q: Why are only 2% of blondes touch-typists?  A: The rest are hunt'n peckers.
Q: What do you call a blonde mother-in-law?  A: An air bag.
Q: What nickname is most used by blondes in order to boost their popularity?  A: B.J.
Q: Why are blonde's coffins Y-shaped?  A: Because as soon as they are on their backs, their legs open.
Q: Why do Blondes wear earmuffs?  A: To avoid the draft.
Q: Why do blondes get confused in the ladies room?  A: They have to pull their own pants down.
Q: Why do blondes wear panties?  A: To keep their ankles warm.
Q: Why should you never let a blonde take a coffee break?  A: It's too hard to re-train them.
Q: What do blondes do for foreplay?  A: Remove their underwear.
Q: What do blonde virgins eat?  A: Baby food.
Q: What's the mating call of the blonde?  A: "I'm *sooo* drunk!"
Q: What's the mating call of the brunette?  A1: "All the blondes have gone home!"  A2: Has that blonde gone yet?    A3: When is that blond bitch going to leave!?
Q: What's the mating call of the redhead?  A: "Next!"
Q: How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday?  A: Tell her a joke on Wednesday.
Q: What is the blonde doing when she holds her hands tightly over her ears?  A: Trying to hold on to a thought.
Q: Why did the blonde stare at frozen orange juice can for 2 hours?  A: Because it said 'concentrate'.
Q: Why did the blonde climb up to the roof of the bar?  A: She heard that the drinks were on the house.
Q: Why don't blondes have elevator jobs?  A: They don't know the route.
Q: Why do blondes work seven days a week?  A: So you don't have to retrain them on Monday.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and an ironing board?  A: It's difficult to open the legs of an ironing board.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a brick?  A: When you lay a brick it doesn't follow you around for two weeks whining.
Q: What is foreplay for a blonde?  A: Thirty minutes of begging.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a phone booth?  A: You need a quarter to use the phone.
Q: What does the Bermuda Triangle and blondes have in common?  A: They've both swallowed a lot of semen.
Q: What did the blonde say when she knocked over the priceless Ming vase?  A "It's OK Daddy, I'm not hurt."
Q: How do you get a one-armed blonde out of a tree?  A: Wave to her.
Q: How does the blond turn on the light after she has had sex?  A: She opens the car door.
Q: How does a blonde get pregnant?  A: And I thought blondes were dumb!
Q: Why do blondes wear shoulder pads?  A: (With a rocking of the head from side to side) I dunno!
Q: How does a blonde high-5?  A: She smacks herself in the forehead.
Q: What's the difference between a counterfeit dollar and a skinny blonde?  A: One's a fony buck.
Q: What's the difference between a chorus line of blondes and a magician?  A: A magician has a cunning array of stunts.
Q: What is the best blonde secretary in the world to have?  A: One that never misses a period.
Q: What does a blonde think an innuendo is?  A: An Italian suppository.
Q: What does a blond say during a porno?  A: There I am!
Q: What two things in the air can get a blonde pregnant?  A: Her feet!
Q: How can you tell when a blonde is wearing pantyhose?  A: When she farts, her knees bag.
Q: What's the disease that paralyzes blondes below the waist?  A: Marriage.
Q: How is a blonde like a frying pan?  A: You have to get them hot before you put in the meat.
Q: How do you describe the perfect blonde?  A: 3 feet tall, no teeth, and a flat head to rest your beer on.
Q: How do you confuse a blonde?  A: You don't. They're born that way.
Q: Why do blondes hate M&Ms?  A: They're too hard to peel.
Q: How do you know when a blonde has been making chocolate chip cookies?  A: You find M&M shells all over the kitchen floor.
Q: What job function does a blonde have in an M&M factory?  A: Proofreading.
Q: Do you know why the blonde got fired from the M&M factory?  A: For throwing out the W's.
Q: Why don't blondes like making KOOL-AID?  A: Because they can't fit 8 cups of water in the little packet.
Q: How can you tell a blonde had a bad day?  A: Her tampon is behind her ear and she doesn't know what she did with her cigarette.
Q: What does a blonde say after multiple orgasms?  A: Way to go team!
Q: How can you tell if a blonde has a vibrator?  A: By the chipped tooth.
Q: How do you keep a blonde in suspense?  A: (I'll tell you tomorrow.)
Q: How do you keep a blonde busy?  A: Write 'Please turn over' on both sides of a piece of paper.
Q: Why do blondes have vaginas?  A: So guys will talk to them at parties.
Q: What does a blonde answer to the question "Are you sexually active?"A: "No, I just lie there."
Q: What's the first thing a blonde says in the morning?  A: "Thanks, guys..."
Q: What do you call 10 blondes at the bottom of the pool?  A: Air pockets.
Q: What does "Bones" McCoy say before he performs brain surgery on a blonde?  A: "Space. The final frontier......"
Q: Why did the blonde keep ice cubes in the freezer?  A: So she could keep the refrigerator cold.
Q: How did the blonde break her leg playing hockey with the Toronto Maple Leafs?  A: She fell out of the tree.
Q: How many blondes does it take to play Hide and Seek?  A: One.
Q: How many blondes does it take to make a circuit?  A: Two, One to stand in the bathtub, and another to pass her the blow dryer!
Q: How is a blonde like a postage stamp?  A: You lick'm, stick'em, and send'em on their way.
Q: How did the blonde try to kill the bird?  A: She threw it off a cliff.
Q: How did the blonde break her leg raking leaves?  A: She fell out of the tree.
Q: How did the blonde die drinking milk?  A: The cow fell on her.
Q: How did the blonde burn her nose?  A: Bobbing for french fries.
Q1: How can you tell if a blonde's been using the computer?  A: There's white-out on the screen.  Q2: How can you tell if another blonde's been using the computer?  A: There's writing on the white-out.
Q: How can you tell if a blonde has been in your refrigerator?  A: By the lipstick on your cucumbers.
Q: How can you tell when a blonde is dating?  A: By the buckle print on her forehead.
Q: How can you tell who is a blonde's boyfriend?  A: He's the one with the belt buckle the matches the impression in her forehead!
Q: How can you tell if a blonde writes mysteries?  A: She has a checkbook.
Q: How can you tell when a FAX had been sent from a blonde?  A: There is a stamp on it.
Q: How can you tell if a blonde is a good cook?  A: She gets the pop tarts out of the toaster in one piece.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a guy?  A: The blonde has the higher sperm count.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and the Panama Canal?  A: The Panama Canal is a busy ditch.
Q: What's the difference between a tribe of pygmies and a blonde track team?  A: The pygmies are a bunch of cunning runts.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and your job?  A: Your job still sucks after 6 months.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a limousine?  A: Not everybody has been in a limo.
Q: What is the difference between a blonde and a bowling ball?  A1: You can only get three fingers in a bowling ball.  A2: You can't fit the blonde in the bowling ball.  A3: You don't eat your bowling ball.
Q: Why is it good to have a blonde passenger?  A: You can park in the handicap zone.
Q: Why does a blonde only change her baby's diapers every month?  A: Because it says right on it "good for up to 20 pounds."
Q: Why do blondes like lightning?  A: They think someone is taking their picture.
Q: Why do blondes always drink with straws?  A: Practice.
Q: Why do all blondes all have a dimple on their chin and a flat forehead?  A: Finger on chin-I don't know. Hits forehead-Oh I get it!
Q: Why do blondes have little holes all over their faces?  A: From eating with forks.
Q: Why do blondes have more fun?  A1: Because they don't know any better.  A2: They are easier to keep amused.
Q: Why do blonde's find it difficult to marry?  A: Because you don't have to marry them for sex!
Q: Why do blondes have legs?  A1: So they don't get stuck to the ground.  A2: To get between the bedroom and the kitchen.  A3: So they don't leave trails, like little snails.
Q: Why do blondes drive BMWs?  A: Because they can spell it.
Q: What does a blonde and a tampon have in common?  A: They're both stuck up c*nts!
Q: Why do blondes drive VW'sA: Because they can't spell PORSCHE!!
Q: Why do blondes put their hair in ponytails?  A: To cover up the valve stem.
Q: Why do some blonds have square boobs?  A: Because they forgot to take the tissues out of the box.
Q: Why do Blondes take the pill?  A: So they know what day of the week it is.
Q: But why do brunettes take the pill ?  A: Wishful Thinking.
Q: Why do Blondes have TGIF on their shoes?  A: Toes go in first.
Q: Why do Blondes have TGIF on their shirts?  A: Tits go in front.
Q: Why do blondes like tilt steering?  A: More head room.
Q: Why do blondes drive cars with sunroofs?  A: More leg room.
Q: Why do blonds have orgasms ?  A: So they know when to stop having sex !
Q: Why do blondes wear red lipstick?  A: Because red means "Stop, wrong hole."
Q: Why do blondes wear hoop earings?  A: They have to have some place to rest their ankles.
Q: Why do blondes wash their hair in the sink?  A: Because, that's where you're supposed to wash vegetables!
Q: Why don't blondes double recipes?  A: The oven doesn't go to 700 degrees.
Q: How do you change a blonde's mind?  A1: Blow in her ear.  A2: Buy her another beer.
Q: Why don't blondes call 911 in an emergency?  A1: They can't remember the number.  A2: She can't find the number 11 on the telephone buttons.
Q: Why don't blondes eat bananas?  A: They can't find the zipper.
Q: What's the difference between a blond and an ice cream cone?  A: Ice cream cones don't lick back.
Q: What is the difference between butter and a blonde?  A: Butter is difficult to spread.
Q: What is the difference between a blonde and "The Titanic"?  A: They know how many men went down on "The Titanic".
Q: What is the difference between a smart blonde and Bigfoot?  A: Bigfoot has been spotted.
Q: What do you say to a blonde with no arms and no legs?  A: "Nice tits!"
Q: What does a blonde make best for dinner?  A: Reservations.
Q: What does a blonde say when she gives birth?  A: Gee, Are you sure it's mine?
Q: What does a blonde say when you ask her if her blinker is on?  A: It's on. It's off. It's on. It's off. It's on. It's off.
Q: What does a peroxide blonde and a 747 have in common?  A1: They both have a black box.  A2: Both have a cockpit.
Q: What do you get when you offer a blonde a penny for her thoughts?  A: Change.
Q: What does a blonde say if you blow in her ear?  A: "Thanks for the refill!"
Q: What do blondes do after they comb their hair?  A: They pull up their pants.
Q: What do you call a skeleton in the closet with blonde hair?  A: Last years hide and go seek winner.
Q: What do you call a basement full of blondes?  A: A whine cellar.
Q: What do you call five blondes at the bottom of the pool?  A: Air bubbles.
Q: What do you call a blonde lesbian?  A: A waste.
Q: What do you call 4 blondes lying on the ground?  A: An air mattress.
Q: What do you call a dumb blonde behind a steering wheel?  A: An Air Bag.
Q: What do you call 10 blondes standing ear to ear?  A: A wind tunnel.
Q: What do you call 15 blondes in a circle?  A: A dope ring.
Q: What do you call an unmarried blond in a BMW?  A: Divorcee'
Q: What do you call a blonde in an institution of higher learning?  A: A visitor.
Q: What do you call a blonde with half a brain?  A: Gifted!
Q: What do you call a swimming pool full of blondes?  A: Bobbing for Bimbos.
Q: What do you call 20 blondes in a freezer?  A: Frosted Flakes.
Q: What do you call a fly buzzing inside a blonde's head?  A: A Space Invader.
Q: What do you call a blonde in a tree with a brief case?  A: Branch Manager.
Q: What do you call a smart blond?  A1: A golden retriever.
Q: What do you call two nuns and a blonde?  A: Two tight ends and a wide receiver.
Q: What do you see when you look into a blonde's eyes?  A: The back of her head.
Q: What do you call it when a blonde dies their hair brunette?  A: Artificial intelligence.
Q: What do a blonde and your computer have in common?  A: You don't know how much either of them mean to you until they go down on you.
Q: What do you do when a blonde throes a hand grenade at you?  A: Pull the pin and throw it back.
Q: What do a bowling ball and a blonde have in common?  A: Chances are they'll both end up in the gutter.
Q: How do you get a blonde to marry you?  A: Tell her she's pregnant.
Q: What will she ask you?  A: "Is it mine?"
Q: A blond going to London on a plane, how can you steal her window seat?  A: Tell her the seats that are going to London are all in the middle row.
Q: How does a blonde hold her liquor?  A: By the ears.
Q: How do you know a blonde likes you?  A: She screws you two nights in a row.
Q: How does a blonde moonwalk?  A: She pulls down her panties and slides her ass along the floor!
Q: Why are only 2% of blondes touch-typists?  A: The rest are hunt'n peckers.
Q: What do you call a blonde mother-in-law?  A: An air bag.
Q: What nickname is most used by blondes in order to boost their popularity?  A: B.J.
Q: Why are blonde's coffins Y-shaped?  A: Because as soon as they are on their backs, their legs open.
Q: Why do Blondes wear earmuffs?  A: To avoid the draft.
Q: Why do blondes get confused in the ladies room?  A: They have to pull their own pants down.
Q: Why do blondes wear panties?  A: To keep their ankles warm.
Q: Why should you never let a blonde take a coffee break?  A: It's too hard to re-train them.
Q: What do blondes do for foreplay?  A: Remove their underwear.
Q: What do blonde virgins eat?  A: Baby food.
Q: What's the mating call of the blonde?  A: "I'm *sooo* drunk!"
Q: What's the mating call of the brunette?  A1: "All the blondes have gone home!"  A2: Has that blonde gone yet?    A3: When is that blond bitch going to leave!?
Q: What's the mating call of the redhead?  A: "Next!"
Q: How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday?  A: Tell her a joke on Wednesday.
Q: What is the blonde doing when she holds her hands tightly over her ears?  A: Trying to hold on to a thought.
Q: Why did the blonde stare at frozen orange juice can for 2 hours?  A: Because it said 'concentrate'.
Q: Why did the blonde climb up to the roof of the bar?  A: She heard that the drinks were on the house.
Q: Why don't blondes have elevator jobs?  A: They don't know the route.
Q: Why do blondes work seven days a week?  A: So you don't have to retrain them on Monday.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and an ironing board?  A: It's difficult to open the legs of an ironing board.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a brick?  A: When you lay a brick it doesn't follow you around for two weeks whining.
Q: What is foreplay for a blonde?  A: Thirty minutes of begging.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a phone booth?  A: You need a quarter to use the phone.
Q: What does the Bermuda Triangle and blondes have in common?  A: They've both swallowed a lot of semen.
Q: What did the blonde say when she knocked over the priceless Ming vase?  A "It's OK Daddy, I'm not hurt."
Q: How do you get a one-armed blonde out of a tree?  A: Wave to her.
Q: How does the blond turn on the light after she has had sex?  A: She opens the car door.
Q: Why do blondes wear shoulder pads?  A: (With a rocking of the head from side to side) I dunno!
Q: How does a blonde high-5?  A: She smacks herself in the forehead.
Q: What's the difference between a chorus line of blondes and a magician?  A: A magician has a cunning array of stunts.
Q: What is the best blonde secretary in the world to have?  A: One that never misses a period.
Q: What does a blonde think an innuendo is?  A: An Italian suppository.
Q: Why do blonds have orgasms ?  A: So they know when to stop having sex !
Q: Why do blondes wear red lipstick?  A: Because red means "Stop, wrong hole."
Q: Why do blondes wear hoop earings?  A: They have to have some place to rest their ankles.
Q: Why do blondes wash their hair in the sink?  A: Because, that's where you're supposed to wash vegetables!
Q: What's the difference between a chorus line of blondes and a magician?  A: A magician has a cunning array of stunts.
Q: What is the best blonde secretary in the world to have?  A: One that never misses a period.
Q: Why don't blondes talk when having sex?  A1: Their mothers told them not to talk to strangers.  A2: Their mothers told them not with their mouths full.
Q: Why is a blonde like a turtle?  A: They both get fucked up when they're on their back.
Q: What do you call a blonde with 90% of her intelligence gone?  A: Divorced.
Q: What does a blond say during a porno?  A: There I am!
Q: What two things in the air can get a blonde pregnant?  A: Her feet!
Q: How can you tell when a blonde is wearing pantyhose?  A: When she farts, her knees bag.
Q: What's the disease that paralyzes blondes below the waist?  A: Marriage.
Q: How is a blonde like a frying pan?  A: You have to get them hot before you put in the meat.
Q: How do you describe the perfect blonde?  A: 3 feet tall, no teeth, and a flat head to rest your beer on.
Q: How do you confuse a blonde?  A: You don't. They're born that way.
Q: Why do blondes hate M&Ms?  A: They're too hard to peel.
Q: How do you know when a blonde has been making chocolate chip cookies?  A: You find M&M shells all over the kitchen floor.
Q: What job function does a blonde have in an M&M factory?  A: Proofreading.
Q: Do you know why the blonde got fired from the M&M factory?  A: For throwing out the W's.
Q: Why don't blondes like making KOOL-AID?  A: Because they can't fit 8 cups of water in the little packet.
Q: How can you tell a blonde had a bad day?  A: Her tampon is behind her ear and she doesn't know what she did with her cigarette.
Q: What does a blonde say after multiple orgasms?  A: Way to go team!
Q: How can you tell if a blonde has a vibrator?  A: By the chipped tooth.
Q: How do you keep a blonde in suspense?  A: (I'll tell you tomorrow.)
Q: How do you keep a blonde busy?  A: Write 'Please turn over' on both sides of a piece of paper.
Q: Why do blondes have vaginas?  A: So guys will talk to them at parties.
Q: What does a blonde answer to the question "Are you sexually active?"A: "No, I just lie there."
Q: What's the first thing a blonde says in the morning?  A: "Thanks, guys..."
Q: What do you call 10 blondes at the bottom of the pool?  A: Air pockets.
Q: Why did the blonde keep ice cubes in the freezer?  A: So she could keep the refrigerator cold.
Q: How did the blonde break her leg playing hockey with the Toronto Maple Leafs?  A: She fell out of the tree.
Q: How many blondes does it take to play Hide and Seek?  A: One.
Q: How many blondes does it take to make a circuit?  A: Two, One to stand in the bathtub, and another to pass her the blow dryer!
Q: How is a blonde like a postage stamp?  A: You lick'm, stick'em, and send'em on their way.
Q: How did the blonde try to kill the bird?  A: She threw it off a cliff.
Q: How did the blonde break her leg raking leaves?  A: She fell out of the tree.
Q: How did the blonde die drinking milk?  A: The cow fell on her.
Q: How did the blonde burn her nose?  A: Bobbing for french fries.
Q: How can you tell if a blonde has been in your refrigerator?  A: By the lipstick on your cucumbers.
Q: How can you tell when a blonde is dating?  A: By the buckle print on her forehead.
Q: How can you tell who is a blonde's boyfriend?  A: He's the one with the belt buckle the matches the impression in her forehead!
Q: How can you tell if a blonde writes mysteries?  A: She has a checkbook.
Q: How can you tell when a FAX had been sent from a blonde?  A: There is a stamp on it.
Q: How can you tell if a blonde is a good cook?  A: She gets the pop tarts out of the toaster in one piece.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a guy?  A: The blonde has the higher sperm count.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and the Panama Canal?  A: The Panama Canal is a busy ditch.
Q: What's the difference between a tribe of pygmies and a blonde track team?  A: The pygmies are a bunch of cunning runts.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and your job?  A: Your job still sucks after 6 months.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a limousine?  A: Not everybody has been in a limo.
Q: What is the difference between a blonde and a bowling ball?  A1: You can only get three fingers in a bowling ball.  A2: You can't fit the blonde in the bowling ball.  A3: You don't eat your bowling ball.
Q: What's the difference between a pit bull and a blonde with PMS?  A: Lipstick.
Q: Why is it good to have a blonde passenger?  A: You can park in the handicap zone.
Q: Why does a blonde only change her baby's diapers every month?  A: Because it says right on it "good for up to 20 pounds."
Q: Why do blondes like lightning?  A: They think someone is taking their picture.
Q: Why do blondes always drink with straws?  A: Practice.
Q: Why do all blondes all have a dimple on their chin and a flat forehead?  A: Finger on chin-I don't know. Hits forehead-Oh I get it!
Q: Why do blondes have little holes all over their faces?  A: From eating with forks.
Q: Why do blondes have more fun?  A1: Because they don't know any better.  A2: They are easier to keep amused.
Q: Why do blonde's find it difficult to marry?  A: Because you don't have to marry them for sex!
Q: Why do blondes have legs?  A1: So they don't get stuck to the ground.  A2: To get between the bedroom and the kitchen.  A3: So they don't leave trails, like little snails.
Q: Why do blondes drive BMWs?  A: Because they can spell it.
Q: What does a blonde and a tampon have in common?  A: They're both stuck up c*nts!
Q: Why do blondes drive VW'sA: Because they can't spell PORSCHE!!
Q: Why do blondes put their hair in ponytails?  A: To cover up the valve stem.
Q: Why do some blonds have square boobs?  A: Because they forgot to take the tissues out of the box.
Q: Why do Blondes take the pill?  A: So they know what day of the week it is.
Q: But why do brunettes take the pill ?  A: Wishful Thinking.
Q: Why do Blondes have TGIF on their shoes?  A: Toes go in first.
Q: Why do Blondes have TGIF on their shirts?  A: Tits go in front.
Q: Why do blondes like tilt steering?  A: More head room.
Q: Why do blondes drive cars with sunroofs?  A: More leg room.
Q: Why don't blondes eat pickles?  A: Because they can't get their head in the jar.
Q: What's the first thing a blonde does in the morning?  A1: Introduces themself.  A2: Walks home.
Q: What's the first thing a blonde does after sex?  A: Opens the car door.
Q: What is the worst thing about sex with a blond?  A: Bucket seats.
Q: What important question does a blonde ask his/her mate before having sex?  A: Do you want this by the hour, or the flat rate?
Q: What's a blonde's favourite wine?  A: "Daaaady, I want to go to Miaaami!"
Q: If a blonde and a brunette are tossed off a building, who hits the ground first?  A: The brunette. The blonde has to stop to ask for directions.
Q: What happens when a blonde gets Alzheimers disease?  A: Her IQ goes up!
Q: What's the difference between a blond and an ice cream cone?  A: Ice cream cones don't lick back.
Q: What is the difference between butter and a blonde?  A: Butter is difficult to spread.
Q: What is the difference between a blonde and "The Titanic"?  A: They know how many men went down on "The Titanic".
Q: What is the difference between a smart blonde and Bigfoot?  A: Bigfoot has been spotted.
Q: What do you say to a blonde with no arms and no legs?  A: "Nice tits!"
Q: What does a blonde make best for dinner?  A: Reservations.
Q: What does a blonde say when she gives birth?  A: Gee, Are you sure it's mine?
Q: What does a blonde say when you ask her if her blinker is on?  A: It's on. It's off. It's on. It's off. It's on. It's off.
Q: What does a peroxide blonde and a 747 have in common?  A1: They both have a black box.  A2: Both have a cockpit.
Q: What do you get when you offer a blonde a penny for her thoughts?  A: Change.
Q: What does a blonde say if you blow in her ear?  A: "Thanks for the refill!"
Q: What do blondes do after they comb their hair?  A: They pull up their pants.
Q: What do you call a skeleton in the closet with blonde hair?  A: Last years hide and go seek winner.
Q: What do you call a basement full of blondes?  A: A whine cellar.
Q: What do you call five blondes at the bottom of the pool?  A: Air bubbles.
Q: What do you call a blonde lesbian?  A: A waste.
Q: What do you call 4 blondes lying on the ground?  A: An air mattress.
Q: What do you call 10 blondes standing ear to ear?  A: A wind tunnel.
Q: What do you call 15 blondes in a circle?  A: A dope ring.
Q: What do you call an unmarried blond in a BMW?  A: Divorcee'
Q: What do you call a smart blond?  A: A golden retriever.
Q: What do you call two nuns and a blonde?  A: Two tight ends and a wide receiver.
Q: What do you see when you look into a blonde's eyes?  A: The back of her head.
Q: What do you call it when a blonde dies their hair brunette?  A: Artificial intelligence.
Q: What do a blonde and your computer have in common?  A: You don't know how much either of them mean to you until they go down on you.
Q: What do you do when a blonde throes a hand grenade at you?  A: Pull the pin and throw it back.
Q: What do a bowling ball and a blonde have in common?  A: Chances are they'll both end up in the gutter.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a brick?  A: When you lay a brick it doesn't follow you around for two weeks whining.
Q: What is foreplay for a blonde?  A: Thirty minutes of begging.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a broom closet?  A: Only two men fit inside a broom closet at once.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a phone booth?  A1: You need a quarter to use the phone.  A2: Only one person can use the phone at once.
Q: What does the Bermuda Triangle and blondes have in common?  A: They've both swallowed a lot of semen.
Q: What did the blonde say when she knocked over the priceless Ming vase?  A: "It's OK Daddy, I'm not hurt."
Q: How does a blonde commit suicide?  A: She gathers her clothes into a pile and jumps off.
Q: How do you plant dope?  A: Bury a blonde.
Q: How do you get a one-armed blonde out of a tree?  A: Wave to her.
Q: How does a blonde measure his/her IQ?  A: With a tire gauge! (da da dum)
Q: How does a blonde part their hair?  A1: (Action of scissoring legs apart)  A2: By doing the splits.
Q: How do you get a blondes eyes to twinkle?  A: Shine a torch in her ears.
Q: How do you tell when a blonde reaches orgasm?  A1: She drops her nail-file!  A2: Who cares?    A3: She says, "Next".  A4: The next person in the queue taps you on the shoulder.  A5: He's had his clothes for about 2 minutes.  A6: I mean, who really cares?    A7: The batteries have run out.
Q: How does the blond turn on the light after she has had sex?  A: She opens the car door.
Q: How do you make a blonde's eyes light up?  A: Shine a flashlight in their ear.
Q: Why do blondes wear shoulder pads?  A: (With a rocking of the head from side to side) I dunno!
Q: How do you kill a blonde?  A: Put spikes in their shoulder pads.
Q: How do blondes pierce their ears?  A: They put tacks in their shoulder pads.
Q: How does a blonde like her eggs?  A: Unfertilized.
Q: How do you drown a blond?  A1: Put a mirror at the bottom of the pool.  A2: Don't tell her to swallow.  A3: Leave a scratch and sniff at the bottom of the pool.
Q: How do you tell if a blonde did your landscaping?  A: The bushes are darker than the rest of the yard.
Q: How does a blonde high-5?  A: She smacks herself in the forehead.
Q: How do you describe a blonde, surrounded by drooling idiots?  A: Flattered.
Q: What do you call a blonde with ESP and PMS?  A: A know-it-all bitch.
Q: What do you call a blonde without an asshole?  A: Divorced.
Q: How many blondes does it take to make a circuit?  A: Two, One to stand in the bathtub, and another to pass her the blow dryer! 
Q: How do you describe 3 prostitutes and a blonde?  A: Ho, Ho, Ho, and to all a good night.
Q: What does a blonde think an innuendo is?  A: An Italian suppository.
Q: What is every blonde's ambition in life?  A: To be like Vanna White and learn the alphabet.
Q: WHAT CAN SAVE A DYING BLONDE?  A: Hair transplants.
Q: WHAT DID THE BLOND SAY WHEN SHE WOKE UP UNDER THE COW?  A: What are you guys still doing here?
Q: WHAT ARE THE WORST SIX YEARS IN A BLONDE'S LIFE?  A: Third Grade.
Q: WHAT DID THE BLONDE SAY ABOUT BLONDE JOKES?  A: She said they were pretty good, but they might offend some Puerto Ricans.
Q: WHAT DID THE BLONDE THINK OF THE NEW COMPUTER?  A: She didn't like it because she couldn't get MTV.
Q: What did the blonde do when she heard the British were coming?  A: She stopped sucking.
Q: What did the blonde say when she was showed her newborn baby in the delivery room?  A: I'm not going to suck anything *that* small.
Q: What do UFO's and smart blondes have in common?  A: You keep hearing about them, but never see any.
Q: What does a blond say during a porno?  A: There I am!!
Q: Why doesn't a blondes guts fall out of her twat when she stands?  A: Because the vaccum in her head keeps them in place.
Q: What's the difference between having sex with a blonde and eating Jell-o?  A: Jell-o wiggles when you eat it.
Q: What do you get when you cross a blonde and a lawyer?  A1: I don't know, there are some things even a blonde won't do.  A2: Something that when it gives you a blow job, it won't stop until it gets blood.
Q: Why was the blonde wearing her sunglasses?  A: She was having sunny periods.
Q: What two things in the air can get a blonde pregnant?  A: Her feet!
Q: How can you tell when a blonde is wearing pantyhose?  A: When she farts, her knees bag.
Q: What's the disease that paralyzes blondes below the waist?  A: Marriage.
Q: How is a blonde like a frying pan?  A: You have to get them hot before you put in the meat.
Q: How does a blonde interpret 6.9?  A: A 69 interrupted by a period.
Q: How do you make a blond laugh on Monday mornings ?  A: Tell them a joke on Friday night !
Q: How do you describe the perfect blonde?  A: 3 feet tall, no teeth, and a flat head to rest your beer on.
Q: How do you confuse a blonde?  A: You don't. They're born that way.
Q: Why do blondes hate M&Ms?  A: They're too hard to peel.
Q: How do you know when a blonde has been making chocolate chip cookies?  A: You find M&M shells all over the kitchen floor.
Q: What job function does a blonde have in an M&M factory?  A: Proofreading.
Q: Do you know why the blonde got fired from the M&M factory?  A: For throwing out the W's.
Q: Why don't blondes like making KOOL-AID?  A: Because they can't fit 8 cups of water in the little packet.
Q: How can you tell a blonde had a bad day?  A: Her tampon is behind her ear and she doesn't know what she did with her cigarette.
Q: What does a blonde say after multiple orgasms?  A: Way to go team!
Q: How do you keep a blonde in suspense?  A: (I'll tell you tomorrow.)
Q: How do you keep a blonde busy?  A: Write 'Please turn over' on both sides of a piece of paper.
Q: Why do blondes wear shoulder pads?  A: To keep from bruising their ears.
Q: Why do blondes have vaginas?  A: So guys will talk to them at parties.
Q: Why does the blonde stand in front of a window during a thunder storm?  A: She loves taking pictures (flashes, got it?).
Q: What do you call a blonde with a runny nose?  A: Full.
Q: What does a blonde answer to the question "Are you sexually active?"A: "No, I just lie there."
Q: What's the first thing a blonde says in the morning?  A: "Thanks, guys..."
Q: What do you call 10 blondes at the bottom of the pool?  A: Air pockets.
Q: How many blondes does it take to screw the entire Bengals team?  A: Just One... Boomer Esiason.
Q: What's brown and red and black and blue?  A: A brunette who's told one too many blonde jokes.
Q: What do you call a brunette and three blondes on a corner?  A: You don't, you see if you've got 3 condoms.
Q: How does the blonde car pool work?  A: They all meet at work at 7:45.
Q: What happens when a blonde gets Alzheimers disease?  A: Her IQ goes up!
Q: Why was the blonde disappointed with her trip to England?  A: She found out Big Ben is only a clock.
Q: Why can't blondes make ice cubes?  A: They always forget the recipe.
Q: Why do blonde's find it difficult to marry?  A: Because you don't have to marry them to have sex with them!
Q: Did you hear about the blonde that said she would do anything for a fur coat?  A: Well, now she can't button it.(prego)
Q: Did you hear about the blonde who had an apendix operation?  A: Well, now she is making money on the side.
Q: Did you hear about the scared blonde nurse down by the water?  A: She won't go DOWN ON THE DOC.
Q: Did you hear about the blond that was treated at the emergency room for a concussion and severe head wounds?  A: She tried to commit suicide by hanging herself with a bungie cord.
Q: DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE BLONDE THAT ALMOST CAUSED A WRECK?  A: The spare tire in her trunk blew out.
Q: DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE BLONDE DOCTOR?  A: She shaved her patients, then took off their clothes.
Q: DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE BLONDE THAT ATE MOUNTAIN OYSTERS?  A: She was dragged 200 yards.
Q: DID YOU HEAR BOUT THE BLONDE WHO COULN'T WAIT TO SEE "20,000 LEAGUES UNDER THE SEA"?  A: She said that she loved baseball, and was surprised that there were so many teams.
Q: DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE BLONDE WHO STOOD IN FRONT OF A MIRROR WITH HER EYES CLOSED?  A: She wanted to see what she looked like asleep.
Q: DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE NEW FORM OF BIRTH CONTROL FOR BLONDES?  A: They take off their makeup.
Q: Why won't a blonde drink beer at the beach?  A: She's afraid to get sand in her Busch.
Q: Why do blondes wear tight skirts?  A: To keep their legs together.
Q: How did the blonde break her leg playing hockey with the Toronto Maple Leafs?  A: She fell out of the tree.
Q: HOW MANY BLONDES DOES IT TAKE TO SCREW IN A LIGHTBULB?  A: Blondes screw in back seats, not in lightbulbs, silly.
Q: How many blondes does it take to play Hide and Seek?  A: One.
Q: Why couldn't the blonde write the number ELEVEN ?  A: She didn't know what ONE came first...
Q: Why don't blondes talk when having sex?  A1: Their mothers told them not to talk to strangers.  A2: Their mothers told them not with their mouths full.
Q: What do you call a blonde with 90% of her intelligence gone?  A: Divorced.
Q: What do you call a blonde without an asshole?  A: Divorced.
Q: How many blondes does it take to make a circuit?  A: Two, One to stand in the bathtub, and another to pass her the blow dryer!
Q: How is a blonde like a postage stamp?  A: You lick'm, stick'em, and send'em on their way.
Q: How do you describe 3 prostitutes and a blonde?  A: Ho, Ho, Ho, and to all a good night.
Q: How did the blonde try to kill the bird?  A: She threw it off a cliff.
Q: How did the blonde break her leg raking leaves?  A: She fell out of the tree.
Q: How did the blonde die drinking milk?  A: The cow fell on her.
Q: How did the blonde burn her nose?  A: Bobbing for french fries.
Q: How can you tell which blonde is the waitress?  A: She is the one with the tampon behind her ear, wondering what she did with her pencil.
Q: How can you tell if a blonde works in an office?  A: A bed in the stockroom and huge smiles on all the bosses' faces.
Q: How can you tell when a blonde is dating?  A: By the buckle print on her forehead.
Q: How can you tell who is a blonde's boyfriend?  A: He's the one with the belt buckle the matches the impression in her forehead!
Q: How can you tell if a blonde writes mysteries?  A: She has a checkbook.
Q: How can you tell when a FAX had been sent from a blonde?  A: There is a stamp on it.
Q: How can you tell if a blonde is a good cook?  A: She gets the pop tarts out of the toaster in one piece.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a guy?  A: The blonde has the higher sperm count.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and the Panama Canal?  A: The Panama Canal is a busy ditch.
Q: What's the difference between a tribe of pygmies and a blonde track team?  A: The pygmies are a bunch of cunning runts.
Q: What is the difference between a crazy fighting hockey player and a blonde?  A: He is fussy by nature and would go to any length to get a puck.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a trampoline?  A: You take off your shoes before using a trampoline.
Q: What's the difference between a prostitute, a nymphomaniac, and a blonde?  A: The prostitute says "Aren't you done yet?" The nympho says "Are you done already?" The blonde says "Beige...I think I'll paint the ceiling beige."
Q: What's the difference between Indiana and a blonde?  A: A blonde has larger hills and deeper valleys.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a toothbrush?  A: You don't let your best friend borrow your toothbrush.
Q: What is the difference between a blonde and a shower?  A: A shower has to be turned on to get wet.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and your job?  A: Your job still sucks after 6 months.
Q: What's the difference between a blond having her period and a terrorist?  A: You can negotiate with a terrorist.
Q: What is the difference between a blond and a toilet?  A: A toilet won't follow you around after you use it.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a rooster?  A: In the morning a rooster says, "Cock'll-doodl-doooo", while a blonde says, "Any-cock'll-doooo."
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a limousine?  A: Not everybody has been in a limo.
Q: What is the difference between a blonde and a bowling ball?  A1: You can only get three fingers in a bowling ball.  A2: You can't fit the blonde in the bowling ball.  A3: There is no difference. They're both round and have three holes to poke.  A4: You don't eat your bowling ball
Q: What is the difference between a blonde and the Grand Old Duke of York?  A: The Grand Old Duke of York only 'had' 10000 men.
Q: What's the difference between a pit bull and a blonde with PMS?  A: Lipstick.
Q: Why is it good to have a blonde passenger?  A: You can park in the handicap zone.
Q: Why is a blonde like a turtle?  A: They both get fucked up when they're on their back.
Q: Why should blondes not be given coffee breaks?  A: It takes too long to retrain them.
Q: Why does NASA hire peroxide blondes?  A: They're doing research on black holes.
Q: What is the difference between a blonde and the Titanic?  A: We know how many men went down on the Titanic.
Q: How do you kill a blonde?  A: Throw her mirror out the window.
Q: What does a blonde and a computer have in common?  A: You don't appreciate either one, till they go down on you.
Q: How does make up her mind?  A: She puts lipstick on her forehead.
Q: Why did the stop fucking the guy.A: Because his two minutes were done.
Q: Why is it good to have a blonde passenger?  A: You can park in the handicap zone.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a parking meter.A: The meter knows when to stop.
Q: What's the difference between a pit bull and a blonde with PMS?  A: Lipstick.
Q: Why do all blondes all have a dimple on their chin and a flat forehead?  A: Finger on chin-I don't know. Hits forehead-Oh I get it!
Q: Why do blondes have little holes all over their faces?  A: From eating with forks.
Q: Why do blondes have more fun?  A1: Because they don't know any better.  A2: They are easier to keep amused.
Q: Why do blonde's find it difficult to marry?  A: Because you don't have to marry them for sex!
Q: Why do blondes have legs?  A1: So they don't get stuck to the ground.  A2: To get between the bedroom and the kitchen.  A3: So they don't leave trails, like little snails.
Q: Why do blondes have two more brain cells than a cow?  A1: So that when you pull their tits, they don't moo.  A2: So they don't shit everywhere when you pull their tits.
Q: Why do blondes drive BMWs?  A: Because they can spell it.
Q: Why do blonde girls have trouble achieving orgasm?  A: *Who cares?*
Q: Why do blondes have periods?  A: They deserve them
Q: Why do blondes have big bellybuttons?  A: From dating blonde men.
Q: What does a blonde and a tampon have in common?  A: They're both stuck up c*nts!
Q: Why do blondes wear tampons?  A: Because crabs like Bungie Jumping too.
Q: Why do blondes drive VW'sA: Because they can't spell PORSCHE!!
Q: Why do blondes put their hair in ponytails?  A: To cover up the valve stem.
Q: Why do blonds have square boobs?  A: Because they forgot to take the tissues out of the box.
Q: Why do Blondes take the pill?  A: So they know what day of the week it is.
Q: But why do brunettes take the pill ?  A: Wishful Thinking.
Q: Why do Blondes have TGIF on their shoes?  A: Toes go in first.
Q: Why do Blondes have TGIF on their shirts?  A: Tits go in front.
Q: Why do blondes like tilt steering?  A: More head room.
Q: Why do blondes drive cars with sunroofs?  A: More leg room.
Q: Why do blonds have orgasms ?  A: So they know when to stop having sex !
Q: Why do blondes wear underwear?  A: They make good ankle warmers.
Q: Why do Blondes like the GST? (GST -- Goods and Services Tax now in effect in Canada)A: Because they can spell it.
Q: What is 74 to a blonde?  A: 69 plus G.S.T.
Q: Why do blondes wear green lipstick?  A: Because red means stop.
Q: Why do blondes wear red lipstick?  A: Because red means "Stop, wrong hole."
Q: Why do blondes wear hoop earings?  A: They have to have some place to rest their ankles.
Q: Why do blondes wash their hair in the sink?  A: Because, that's where you're supposed to wash vegetables!
Q: Why do blondes wear their hair up?  A: To catch as much as they can that is over their heads.
Q: Why don't blondes double recipes?  A: The oven doesn't go to 700 degrees.
Q: Why don't blondes make good pharmacists?  A: They can't get the bottle into the typewriter.
Q: Why don't blondes call 911 in an emergency?  A1: They can't remember the number.  A2: She can't find the number 11 on the telephone buttons.
Q: Why do blondes always die before help arrives?  A: They always forget the "11" in "9-1-1".
Q: Why don't blondes eat bananas?  A: They can't find the zipper.
Q: Why don't blondes in San Francisco wear short black mini skirts?  A: Cause their balls show!
Q: What's the first thing a blonde does after sex?  A: Opens the car door.
Q: What is the worst thing about sex with a blond?  A: Bucket seats.
Q: What important question does a blonde ask his/her mate before having sex?  A: Do you want this by the hour, or the flat rate?
Q: How many blondes does it take to change a lightbulb?  A1: "What's a lightbulb?"  A2: One. She holds the bulb and the world revolves around her.  A3: Two. One to hold the Diet Pepsi, and one to call, "Daaady!"
Q: What's a blonde's favourite wine?  A: "Daaaady, I want to go to Miaaami!"
Q: What is the difference between a blond and a 747?  A: Not everyone has been in a 747
Q: What do you call a blonde touching her toes?  A: A brunette with bad breath.
Q: Santa Claus, the Tooth Fairy, a dumb blonde, and a smart blonde are walking down the street when they spot a $10 bill. Who picks it up?  A1: The dumb blonde! because, there is no such thing as Santa Claus, the tooth fairy, or a smart blonde.  A2: None of them, two don't exist and the dumb blonde thought it was a gum wrapper.
Q: If a blonde and a brunette are tossed off a building, who hits the ground first?  A: The brunette. The blonde has to stop to ask for directions.
Q: What happens when a blonde gets Alzheimers disease?  A: Her IQ goes up!
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a Porsche?  A: You don't lend the Porsche out to your friend.
Q: Why did the blonde have tire tread marks on her back?  A: From crawling across the street when the sign said "DON'T WALK".
Q: Why did the blonde keep a coat hanger in her back seat?  A: In case she locks the keys in her car.
Q: Why did the blonde tip-toe past the medicine cabinet?  A: So she wouldn't wake up the sleeping pills.
Q: Why is a washing machine better than a blonde?  A: Because you can drop your load in a washing machine, and it won't follow you around for a week.
Q: What do you say to a blonde with no arms and no legs?  A: "Nice tits!"
Q: What does a blonde make best for dinner?  A: Reservations.
Q: What do Darren Millane (Collingwood footballer killed in a recent car crash) and a blonde have in common?  A: Put either of 'em in a car and their fucked.
Q: What do blondes do with their arseholes in the morning?  A: Pack their lunch and send them to work.
Q: What does a blonde say when she gives birth?  A: Gee, Are you sure it's mine?
Q: What do blondes and cow-pats have in common?  A: They both get easier to pick-up with age.
Q: What does a blonde say when you ask her if her blinker is on?  A: It's on. It's off. It's on. It's off. It's on. It's off.
Q: What does a peroxide blonde and a 747 have in common?  A1: They both have a black box.  A2: Both have a cockpit.
Q: What do you get when you offer a blonde a penny for her thoughts?  A: Change.
Q: What do blondes do after they comb their hair?  A: They pull up their pants.
Q: What do you call a skeleton in the closet with blonde hair?  A: Last years hide and go seek winner.
Q: What do you call a basement full of blondes?  A: A whine cellar.
Q: What do you call five blondes at the bottom of the pool?  A: Air bubbles.
Q: What do you call a room full of women, half with PMS, half with yeast infections?  A: A whine and cheese party!
Q: What do you call a blonde lesbian?  A: A waste.
Q: What do you call 4 blondes lying on the ground?  A: An air mattress.
Q: What do you call a blonde between two brunettes?  A: A mental block.
Q: What do you call 10 blondes standing ear to ear?  A: A wind tunnel.
Q: What do you call 15 blondes in a circle?  A: A dope ring.
Q: How do you know when blonde is cooking chocolate chip cookies?  A: There are M&M shells all over the floor.
Q: What do airplanes and blondes have in common?  A: The black box.
Q: Why did the blonde have a bruised belly button?  A: Her boyfriend was blonde too.
Q: There were 4 blondes in a pick up truck and it went into the river.Why did they all drown?  A: They could not get the tailgate open.
Q: What do you do when a blonde throws a pin at you?  A: Run like Hell. .. .. .. she's got a hand grenade in her mouth.
Q: What is the difference between a blonde and mosquito?  A: The mosquito knows when to stop sucking.
Q: How do you brainwash a blonde?  A: Give her a douche and shake her upside down.
Q: How do you change a blonde's mind? A1: Blow in her ear.   A2: Buy her another beer.
Q: How do you measure a blonde's intelligence?  A: Stick a tire pressure gauge in her ear! 
Q: HOW DID THE BLONDE DIE ICE FISHING?  A: She was run over by the zambonis machine.
Q: How do you get a blonde pregnant?  A: Come in her shoes and let the flies do the rest.
Q: How do you get a blonde to marry you?  A: Tell her she's pregnant.
Q: What will she ask you?  A: "Is it mine?
Q: How does a blond spell farm?  A: E-I-E-I-O
Q: How does a bitchy blonde do it doggy style?  A: She takes off her clothes and makes her boyfriend roll over and beg.
Q: How does a blond kill a fish?  A: She drowns it.
Q: A blond going to London on a plane, how can you steal her window seat?  A: Tell her the seats that are going to London are all in the middle row.
Q: How does a blonde hold her liquor?  A: By the ears.
Q: How do you know a blond likes you?  A: She screws you two nights in a row.
Q: How do you know a blonde has just lost her virginity?  A: Her crayons are still sticky.
Q: How does a blonde moonwalk?  A: She pulls down her panties and slides her ass along the floor!
Q: WHY IS A BLONDE LIKE AUSTRALIA?  A: They're both down under, and no one cares.
Q: WHY CAN`T BLONDES WATER-SKI?  A: When they get their crotch wet they think they have to lay down.
Q: WHY ARE BLONDES LIKE PIANOS?  A: When they aren't upright, they're grand.
Q: WHY ARE BLONDES SO EASY TO GET INTO BED?  A: Who cares?
Q: Why are only 2% of blondes touch-typists?  A: The rest are hunt'n peckers.
Q: How is a blonde like peanut-butter?  A: They spread for the bread.
Q: What do you call a blonde on a waterbed?  A: Cherry Float 
Q: Why can't blondes count to 70?  A: Because 69 is a bit of a mouthful.
Q: WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN ELVIS AND SMART BLONDES?  A: Elvis has been sighted.
Q: How do you describe the perfect blonde?  A: 3 feet tall, no teeth, and a flat head to rest your beer on.
Q: WHAT ARE THE WORST SIX YEARS IN A BLONDE'S LIFE?  A: Third Grade.
Q: What do you call a blonde golfer with an IQ of 125?  A: a foursome.
Q: What do you give the blonde that has everything?  A: Penicillin.
Q: What do you call a blond mother-in-law?  A: An air bag.
Q: Why are blonde's coffins Y-shaped?  A: Because as soon as they are on their backs, their legs open.
Q: Why do Blondes wear earmuffs?  A: To avoid the draft.
Q: Why do blondes get confused in the ladies room?  A: They have to pull their own pants down.
Q: Why do blondes wear panties?  A: To keep their ankles warm.
Q: Why should you never take a blonde out for coffee?  A: It's too hard to re-train them.
Q: What do blondes do for foreplay?  A: Remove their underwear.
Q: What do blonde virgins eat?  A: Baby food.
Q: What's the mating call of the blonde?  A: "I'm *sooo* drunk!"
Q: What is the mating call of the ugly blonde?  A: (Screaming) "I said: I'm drunk!"
Q: What's the mating call of the brunette? A1: "All the blondes have gone home!"  A2: Has that blonde gone yet?    A3: When is that blond bitch going to leave!? 
Q: What's the mating call of the redhead?  A: "Next!"
Q: How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday?  A: Tell her a joke on Wednesday. 
Q: WHAT IS BLONDE AND GREEN AND JUMPS FROM BED TO BED?  A: A prostitoad.
Q: WHAT IS 68 TO A BLONDE?  A: Where she goes down on you and you owe her one.
Q: What is the blonde doing when she holds her hands tightly over her ears?  A: Trying to hold on to a thought.
Q: Why did the blonde stare at frozen orange juice can for 2 hours?  A: Because it said 'concentrate'.
Q: Why did the blonde take two hits of acid?  A: She wanted to go on a round trip.
Q: Why did the blonde with a big pussy douche with crest?  A: She heard that it reduces cavities.
Q: Why did the blonde give a blow job after sex?  A: She wanted to have her cock and eat it too.
Q: Why did the blonde snort Nutra-Sweet?  A: She thought it was diet coke.
Q: WHY DID THE BLONDE BAKE A CHICKEN FOR 3 AND A HALF DAYS?  A: It said cook it for half an hour per pound, and she weighed 125.
Q: WHY DID THE BLONDE PUT HER FINGER OVER THE NAIL WHEN SHE WAS HAMMERING?  A: The noise gave her a headache.
Q: WHY DID THE BLONDE HAVE BLISTERS ON HER LIPS?  A: From trying to blow out lightbulbs.
Q: Why did the blonde climb up to the roof of the bar?  A: She heard that the drinks were on the house.
Q: Why don't blondes have elevator jobs?  A: They don't know the route.
Q: Why do blondes work seven days a week?  A: So you don't have to retrain them on Monday.
Q: What is the first thing a blonde learns when she takes driving lessons ?  A: You can also sit upright in a car.
Q: What's the definition of a metallurgist?  A: A man who can tell if a platinum blonde is a virgin metal or a common ore.
Q: What is the difference between a new blonde and an old blonde?  A: Vaseline and Poli-Grip.
Q: What is the difference between a dead blonde in the road, and a dead skunk in the road?  A: There are skid marks in front of the skunk.
Q: What is the difference between a blonde and a prostitute?  A: Prostitutes don't drive Ferrari's 
Q: What's the difference between a blond and an ice cream cone?  A: Ice cream cones don't lick back.
Q: What is the difference between butter and a blonde?  A: Butter is difficult to spread.
Q: What is the difference between a blonde and "The Titanic"?  A: They know how many men went down on "The Titanic".
Q: What is the difference between a smart blonde and Bigfoot?  A: Bigfoot has been spotted.A: She realized she gave her last blowjob.
Q: What is the difference between a blonde and the Grand Old Duke of York?  A: The Grand Old Duke of York only 'had' 10000 men.
Q: Why do blondes give such good blowjobs?  A: Because that's what they train for all their lives.
Q: Why did the blonde tattoo her zip code on her stomach?  A: So her male would get delivered to the right box.A: One shucks between fits.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a limousine?  A: Not everybody has been in a limo.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and an ironing board?  A: It's difficult to open the legs of an ironing board.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a walrus?  A: One has whiskers and fishy flaps, and the other is a walrus.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a brick?  A: When you lay a brick it doesn't follow you around for two weeks whining.
Q: What is foreplay for a blonde?  A: Thirty minutes of begging.
Q: What is a blonde's idea of dental floss?  A: Pubic hair.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a broom closet?  A: Only two men fit inside a broom closet at once.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a phone booth?  A1: You need a quarter to use the phone.  A2: Only one person can use the phone at once.
Q: What does the Bermuda Triangle and blondes have in common?  A: They've both swallowed a lot of semen.
Q: Why don't blondes in San Francisco wear short black mini skirts?  A: Cause their balls show!
Q: Why don't blonds breast feed?  A: Because they always burn their niples.
Q: Why don't blondes eat pickles?  A: Because they can't get their head in the jar.
Q: What's the first thing a blonde does in the morning?  A1: Introduces themself.  A2: Walks home.
Q: What's the first thing a blonde does after sex?  A: Opens the car door.
Q: What is the worst thing about sex with a blond?  A: Bucket seats.
Q: What important question does a blonde ask his/her mate before having sex?  A: Do you want this by the hour, or the flat rate?
Q: What's a blonde's favourite wine?  A: "Daaaady, I want to go to Miaaami!"
Q: If a blonde and a brunette are tossed off a building, who hits the ground first?  A: The brunette. The blonde has to stop to ask for directions.
Q: What happens when a blonde gets Alzheimers disease?  A: Her IQ goes up!
Q: What did the blonde do when her doctor told her she had sugar in her urine?  A: She peed on her corn flakes.
Q: What did the blind blonde say to her new boyfriend as she was making love to him?  A: "Funny, you don't feel Jewish." 
Q: How does a blonde measure his/her IQ?  A: With a tire gauge! (da da dum)
Q: How does the blond turn on the light after she has had sex?  A: She opens the car door.
Q: How does a blonde part their hair?  A1: (Action of scissoring legs apart)  A2: By doing the splits.
Q: How do you get a blondes eyes to twinkle?  A: Shine a torch in her ears.
Q: How do you tell when a blonde reaches orgasm?  A1: She drops her nail-file!  A2: Who cares?    A3: She says, "Next".  A4: The next person in the queue taps you on the shoulder.  A5: He's had his clothes for about 2 minutes.  A6: I mean, who really cares?    A7: The batteries have run out.
Q: How do you make a blonde's eyes light up?  A: Shine a flashlight in their ear.
Q: Why do blondes wear shoulder pads?  A: (With a rocking of the head from side to side) I dunno!
Q: How do you kill a blonde?  A: Put spikes in their shoulder pads.
Q: Why didn't the blonde want a window seat on the plane?  A: She'd just blow dried her hair and she didn't want it blown around too much.
Q: Why did the blonde stop using the pill?  A: Because it kept falling out.
Q: Why did the blonde get so excited after she finished her jigsaw puzzle in only 6 months?  A: Because on the box it said From 2-4 years.
Q: How do you confuse a blonde?  A: Ask her to alphabetize a bag of M&Ms.  Q: Why does it work?  A: "Does 3 come before E or does it go between M and W?"
Q: Why did the blonde call the welfare office?  A: She wanted to know how to cook food stamps!
Q: What is the blonde's favorite potato chip?  A: Free-to-lay (Frito-Lay).
Q: How do blondes pierce their ears?  A: They put tacks in their shoulder pads.
Q: How does a blonde like her eggs?  A: Unfertilized.
Q: How do you drown a blond?  A1: Put a mirror at the bottom of the pool.  A2: Don't tell her to swallow.  A3: Leave a scratch and sniff at the bottom of the pool.
Q: How do you tell if a blonde did your landscaping?  A: The bushes are darker than the rest of the yard.
Q: How does a blonde high-5?  A: She smacks herself in the forehead.
Q: How do you describe a blonde, surrounded by drooling idiots?  A: Flattered.
Q: What do you call a blonde with ESP and PMS?  A: A know-it-all bitch.
Q: What's the difference between a chorus line of blondes and a magician?  A: A magician has a cunning array of stunts.
Q: What is the best blonde secretary in the world to have?  A: One that never misses a period.
Q: What does a blonde think an innuendo is?  A: An Italian suppository.
Q: What is every blonde's ambition in life?  A: To be like Vanna White and learn the alphabet.
Q: WHAT CAN SAVE A DYING BLONDE?  A: Hair transplants.
Q: WHAT DID THE BLOND SAY WHEN SHE WOKE UP UNDER THE COW?  A: What are you guys still doing here?
Q: WHAT DID THE BLONDE SAY ABOUT BLONDE JOKES?  A: She said they were pretty good, but they might offend some Puerto Ricans.
Q: What did the blonde do when she heard the British were coming?  A: She stopped sucking.
Q: What did the blonde say when she was showed her newborn baby in the delivery room?  A: I'm not going to suck anything *that* small.
Q: What do UFO's and smart blondes have in common?  A: You keep hearing about them, but never see any.
Q: What does a blond say during a porno?  A: There I am!!
Q: Why doesn't a blondes guts fall out of her twat when she stands?  A: Because the vacuum in her head keeps them in place.
Q: What's the difference between having sex with a blonde and eating Jell-O?  A: Jell-O wiggles when you eat it.
Q: What do you get when you cross a blonde and a lawyer?  A1: I don't know, there are some things even a blonde won't do.  A2: Something that when it gives you a blow job, it won't stop until it gets blood.
Q: Why was the blonde wearing her sunglasses?  A: She was having sunny periods.
Q: What two things in the air can get a blonde pregnant?  A: Her feet!
Q: How can you tell when a blonde is wearing pantyhose?  A: When she farts, her knees bag.
Q: How can you tell when a blonde is horny?  A: Stick your hand down her panties. If it feels like a horse eating oats, she's horny.
Q: What's the disease that paralyzes blondes below the waist?  A: Marriage.
Q: What's the ultimate embarrassment for a blonde?  A: When her Ben-Wa balls set off the airport metal detector.
Q: What's six inches long, has a bald head, and drives blondes crazy?  A: A hundred dollar bill.
Q: How is a blonde like a frying pan?  A: You have to get them hot before you put in the meat.
Q: How does a blonde interpret 6.9?  A: A 69 interrupted by a period.
Q: How do you make a blond laugh on Monday mornings ?  A: Tell them a joke on Friday night !
Q: How do you confuse a blonde?  A: You don't. They're born that way.
Q: What is the difference between a blond and a toilet?  A: A toilet won't follow you around after you use it.
Q: Why do blondes hate M&Ms?  A: They're too hard to peel.
Q: How do you know when a blonde has been making chocolate chip cookies?  A: You find M&M shells all over the kitchen floor.
Q: What job function does a blonde have in an M&M factory?  A: Proofreading.
Q: Do you know why the blonde got fired from the M&M factory?  A: For throwing out the W's.
Q: Why don't blondes like making KOOL-AID?  A: Because they can't fit 8 cups of water in the little packet.
Q: Why does a blonde have fur on the hem of her dress?  A: To keep her ankles warm.
Q: How can you tell a blonde had a bad day?  A: Her tampon is behind her ear and she doesn't know what she did with her cigarette.
Q: What does a blonde say after multiple orgasms?  A: Way to go team!
Q: How do you keep a blonde in suspense?  A: (I'll tell you tomorrow.) 
Q: How do you keep a blonde busy?  A: Write 'Please turn over' on both sides of a piece of paper.
Q: Why do blondes wear shoulder pads?  A: To keep from bruising their ears.
Q: Why do blondes have vaginas?  A: So guys will talk to them at parties.
Q: What do you call a blonde with a runny nose?  A: Full.
Q: What does a blonde answer to the question "Are you sexually active?"A: "No, I just lie there.
Q: What do you call 10 blondes at the bottom of the pool?  A: Air pockets.
Q: What's brown and red and black and blue?  A: A brunette who's told one too many blonde jokes.
Q: What do you call a brunette and three blondes on a corner?  A: You don't, you see if you've got 3 condoms.
Q: How does the blonde car pool work?  A: They all meet at work at 7:45.
Q: What happens when a blonde gets Alzheimer's disease?  A: Her IQ goes up! 
Q: Why was the blonde disappointed with her trip to England?  A: She found out Big Ben is only a clock.
Q: Why can't blondes make ice cubes?  A: They always forget the recipe.
Q: Why do blonde's find it difficult to marry?  A: Because you don't have to marry them to have sex with them! 
Q: Did you hear about the sophisticated blonde?  A: She thought her period was French Provincial.
Q: Did you hear about the blonde whose boyfriend say id he loved her?  A: She believed him.
Q: Did you hear about the new epidemic among blondes?  A: It's called MAIDS - if the don't get one, they die.
Q: Did you hear about the blond with a Masters degree in Psychology?  A: She'll blow your mind, too.
Q: Did you hear about the new slogan for Miss Clairol's Hair Dye?  A: Buy a double batch and get a snatch to match.
Q: Did you hear about the conceited blonde?  A: She screams her own name when she comes.
Q: Did you hear about the blonde that robbed a bank?  A: She tied up the safe and blew the guard.
Q: Did you hear about the blonde who had an appendix operation?  A: Well, now she is making money on the side.
Q: Did you hear about the scared blonde nurse down by the water?  A: She won't go DOWN ON THE DOC.
Q: Did you hear about the blond that was treated at the emergency room for a concussion and severe head wounds?  A: She tried to commit suicide by hanging herself with a budgie cord.
Q: DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE BLONDE THAT ALMOST CAUSED A WRECK?  A: The spare tire in her trunk blew out.
Q: DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE BLONDE DOCTOR?  A: She shaved her patients, then took off their clothes.
Q: DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE BLONDE THAT ATE MOUNTAIN OYSTERS?  A: She was dragged 200 yards.
Q: Did you hear about the blonde who couldn't wait to see 20,000 leagues under the sea?  A: She said that she loved baseball, and was surprised that there were so many teams.
Q: DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE BLONDE WHO STOOD IN FRONT OF A MIRROR WITH HER EYES CLOSED?  A: She wanted to see what she looked like asleep.
Q: DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE NEW FORM OF BIRTH CONTROL FOR BLONDES?  A: They take off their makeup.
Q: Why won't a blonde drink beer at the beach?  A: She's afraid to get sand in her Busch.
Q: Why do blondes wear tight skirts?  A: To keep their legs together.
Q: Why did the blonde give up bowling for screwing?  A: The balls are lighter, and you don't have to change shoes.
Q: Why did the blonde get fired from the sperm bank?  A: Her employer found out she was embezzling.
Q: How did the blonde break her leg playing hockey with the Toronto Maple Leafs?  A: She fell out of the tree.
Q: HOW MANY BLONDES DOES IT TAKE TO SCREW IN A LIGHTBULB?  A: Blondes screw in back seats, not in lightbulbs, silly.
Q: How many blondes does it take to play Hide and Seek?  A: One.
Q: How did the blonde try to kill the bird?  A: She threw it off a cliff.
Q: How did the blonde break her leg raking leaves?  A: She fell out of the tree.
Q: How did the blonde die drinking milk?  A: The cow fell on her.
Q: How did the blonde burn her nose?  A: Bobbing for French fries.
Q: How can you tell which blonde is the waitress?  A: She is the one with the tampon behind her ear, wondering what she did with her pencil.
Q: How can you tell if a blonde has been in your refrigerator?  A: By the lipstick on your cucumbers.
Q: How can you tell if a blonde works in an office?  A: A bed in the stockroom and huge smiles on all the bosses' faces.
Q: How can you tell when a blonde is dating?  A: By the buckle print on her forehead.
Q: How can you tell who is a blonde's boyfriend?  A: He's the one with the belt buckle the matches the impression in her forehead! 
Q: How can you tell when a FAX had been sent from a blonde?  A: There is a stamp on it.
Q: How can you tell if a blonde is a good cook?  A: She gets the pop tarts out of the toaster in one piece.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a guy?  A: The blonde has the higher sperm count.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and the Panama Canal?  A: The Panama Canal is a busy ditch.
Q: What's the difference between a tribe of pygmies and a blonde track team?  A: The pygmies are a bunch of cunning runts.
Q: What is the difference between a crazy fighting hockey player and a blonde?  A: He is fussy by nature and would go to any length to get a puck.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a trampoline?  A: You take off your shoes before using a trampoline.
Q: What's the difference between Indiana and a blonde?  A: A blonde has larger hills and deeper valleys.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a toothbrush?  A: You don't let your best friend borrow your toothbrush.
Q: What is the difference between a blonde and a shower?  A: A shower has to be turned on to get wet.
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and your job?  A: Your job still sucks after 6 months.
Q: What's the difference between a blond having her period and a terrorist?  A: You can negotiate with a terrorist.
Q: What happens when a blonde puts her panties on backwards?  A: She gets her ass chewed out.
Q: Did you hear about the blonde that said she would do anything for a fur coat?  A: Well, now she can't button it.
Q: How can you tell if a blonde writes mysteries?  A: She has a checkbook.
