A day for firm decisions!!!!!  Or is it?
A few hours grace before the madness begins again.
A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon.
Buy the negatives at any price.
A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
Accent on helpful side of your nature.  Drain the moat.
Advancement in position.
After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!
Afternoon very favorable for romance.  Try a single person for a change.
Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.
An avocado-tone refrigerator would look good on your resume.
An exotic journey in downtown Newark is in your future.
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Are you a turtle?
Are you ever going to do the dishes?  Or will you change your major to biology?
Are you making all this up as you go along?
Are you sure the back door is locked?
Artistic ventures highlighted.  Rob a museum.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.
Avoid reality at all costs.
Bank error in your favor.  Collect $200.
Be careful!  Is it classified?
Be careful!  UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!
Be cautious in your daily affairs.
Be cheerful while you are alive. -- Phathotep, 24th Century B.C.
Be different: conform.
Be free and open and breezy!  Enjoy!  Things won't get any better so get used to it.
Be security conscious -- National defense is at stake.
Beauty and harmony are as necessary to you as the very breath of life.
Best of all is never to have been born.  Second best is to die soon.
Better hope the life-inspector doesn't come around while you have your life in such a mess.
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
Beware of a tall black man with one blond shoe.
Beware of a tall blond man with one black shoe.
Beware of Bigfoot!
Beware of low-flying butterflies.
Beware the one behind you.
Blow it out your ear.
Break into jail and claim police brutality.
Bridge ahead.  Pay troll.
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
Caution: Keep out of reach of children.
Celebrate Hannibal Day this year.  Take an elephant to lunch.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Cheer Up!  Things are getting worse at a slower rate.
Chess tonight.
Chicken Little only has to be right once.
Chicken Little was right.
Cold hands, no gloves.
Communicate!  It can't make things any worse.
Courage is your greatest present need.
Day of inquiry.  You will be subpoenaed.
Do not overtax your powers.
Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.
Do something unusual today.  Pay a bill.
Do what comes naturally.  Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
Don't feed the bats tonight.
Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.
Don't get to bragging.
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.
Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.
Don't let your mind wander -- it's too little to be let out alone.
Don't look back, the lemmings are gaining on you.
Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.
Don't plan any hasty moves.  You'll be evicted soon anyway.
Don't read any sky-writing for the next two weeks.
Don't read everything you believe.
Don't relax!  It's only your tension that's holding you together.
Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.
Don't worry so loud, your roommate can't think.
Don't Worry, Be Happy. -- Meher Baba
Don't worry.  Life's too long. -- Vincent Sardi, Jr.
Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?
Don't you wish you had more energy... or less ambition?
Everything that you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.
Everything will be just tickety-boo today.
Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.
Excellent day to have a rotten day.
Excellent time to become a missing person.
Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.
Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.
Expect the worst, it's the least you can do.
Fine day for friends.
So-so day for you.
Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy.
Fortune: You will be attacked next Wednesday at 3:15 p.m. by six samurai sword wielding purple fish glued to Harley-Davidson motorcycles. Oh, and have a nice day! -- Bryce Nesbitt '84
Future looks spotty.  You will spill soup in late evening.
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Give him an evasive answer.
Give thought to your reputation.  Consider changing name and moving to a new town.
Give your very best today.  Heaven knows it's little enough.
Go to a movie tonight.  Darkness becomes you.
Good day for a change of scene.  Repaper the bedroom wall.
Good day for overcoming obstacles.  Try a steeplechase.
Good day to deal with people in high places; particularly lonely stewardesses.
Good day to let down old friends who need help.
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
Good news.  Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.
Good night to spend with family, but avoid arguments with your mate's new lover.
Green light in A.M. for new projects.  Red light in P.M. for traffic tickets.
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
If you can read this, you're too close.
If you learn one useless thing every day, in a single year you'll learn 365 useless things.
If you sow your wild oats, hope for a crop failure.
If you stand on your head, you will get footprints in your hair.
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow!
If your life was a horse, you'd have to shoot it.
In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.
Increased knowledge will help you now.  Have mate's phone bugged.
Is that really YOU that is reading this?
Is this really happening?
It is so very hard to be an on-your-own-take-care-of-yourself-because-there-is-no-one-else-to-do-it-for-you grown-up.
It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.
It was all so different before everything changed.
It's a very *UN*lucky week in which to be took dead. -- Churchy La Femme
It's all in the mind, ya know.
It's lucky you're going so slowly, because you're going in the wrong direction.
Just because the message may never be received does not mean it is not worth sending.
Just to have it is enough.
Keep emotionally active.  Cater to your favorite neurosis.
Keep it short for pithy sake.
Lady Luck brings added income today.  Lady friend takes it away tonight.
Learn to pause -- or nothing worthwhile can catch up to you.
Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.
Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.
"Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it." -- Marvin, "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
Long life is in store for you.
Look afar and see the end from the beginning.
Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.
Make a wish, it might come true.
Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.
Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.
Never commit yourself!  Let someone else commit you.
Never give an inch!
Never look up when dragons fly overhead.
Never reveal your best argument.
Next Friday will not be your lucky day.  As a matter of fact, you don't
have a lucky day this year.
Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.
People are beginning to notice you.  Try dressing before you leave the house.
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
Questionable day.
Ask somebody something.
Reply hazy, ask again later.
Save energy: be apathetic.
Ships are safe in harbor, but they were never meant to stay there.
Slow day.  Practice crawling.
Snow Day -- stay home.
So this is it.  We're going to die.
So you're back... about time...
Someone is speaking well of you.
How unusual!
Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
Stay away from flying saucers today.
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
Stay the curse.
That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
The time is right to make new friends.
The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes. -- George Gobel
There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.
There is a fly on your nose.
There was a phone call for you.
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
Things will be bright in P.M.  A cop will shine a light in your face.
Think twice before speaking, but don't say "think think click click".
This life is yours.  Some of it was given to you; the rest, you made yourself.
This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it.
Time to be aggressive.  Go after a tattooed Virgo.
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Today is the last day of your life so far.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Today is what happened to yesterday.
Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why. -- Hunter S. Thompson
Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest.
Tomorrow, this will be part of the unchangeable past but fortunately, it can still be changed today.
Tomorrow, you can be anywhere.
Tonight you will pay the wages of sin; Don't forget to leave a tip.
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live in eucalyptus trees.
Truth will out this morning.  (Which may really mess things up.)  
Try the Moo Shu Pork.  It is especially good today.
Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.
Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.
Try to relax and enjoy the crisis. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.
Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.
Tuesday is the Wednesday of the rest of your life.
What happened last night can happen again.
While you recently had your problems on the run, they've regrouped and are making another attack.
Write yourself a threatening letter and pen a defiant reply.
You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.
You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.
You are a very redundant person, that's what kind of person you are.
You are always busy.
You are as I am with You.
You are capable of planning your future.
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.
You are destined to become the commandant of the fighting men of the department of transportation.
You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.
You are fairminded, just and loving.
You are farsighted, a good planner, an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.
You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.
You are going to have a new love affair.
You are magnetic in your bearing.
You are not dead yet.  But watch for further reports.
You are number 6!  Who is number one?
You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward.  Therefore you have few friends.
You are sick, twisted and perverted.  I like that in a person.
You are so boring that when I see you my feet go to sleep.
You are standing on my toes.
You are taking yourself far too seriously.
You are the only person to ever get this message.
You are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash.
You attempt things that you do not even plan because of your extreme stupidity.
You can create your own opportunities this week.  Blackmail a senior executive.
You can do very well in speculation where land or anything to do with dirt is concerned.
You can rent this space for only $5 a week.
You could live a better life, if you had a better mind and a better body.
You definitely intend to start living sometime soon.
You dialed 5483.
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.
You enjoy the company of other people.
You feel a whole lot more like you do now than you did when you used to.
You fill a much-needed gap.
You get along very well with everyone except animals and people.
You had some happiness once, but your parents moved away, and you had to leave it behind.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy. A pity that it's totally undeserved.
You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.
You have a strong appeal for members of your own sex.
You have a strong desire for a home and your family interests come first.
You have a truly strong individuality.
You have a will that can be influenced by all with whom you come in contact.
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
You have an unusual equipment for success.  Be sure to use it properly.
You have an unusual magnetic personality.  Don't walk too close to metal objects which are not fastened down.
You have an unusual understanding of the problems of human relationships.
You have been selected for a secret mission.
You have Egyptian flu: you're going to be a mummy.
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.
You have many friends and very few living enemies.
You have no real enemies.
You have taken yourself too seriously.
You have the body of a 19 year old.  Please return it before it gets wrinkled.
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes.  You'll learn a lot today.
You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
You learn to write as if to someone else because NEXT YEAR YOU WILL BE "SOMEONE ELSE."
You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.
You look like a million dollars.  All green and wrinkled.
You look tired.
You love peace.
You love your home and want it to be beautiful.
You may be gone tomorrow, but that doesn't mean that you weren't here today.
You may be infinitely smaller than some things, but you're infinitely larger than others.
You may be recognized soon.  Hide.
You may get an opportunity for advancement today.  Watch it!
You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will be sold.
You need more time; and you probably always will.
You need no longer worry about the future.  This time tomorrow you'll be dead.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
You now have Asian Flu.
You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.
You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.
You prefer the company of the opposite sex, but are well liked by your own.
You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.
You seek to shield those you love and you like the role of the provider.
You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.
You should emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far.  Especially if they are dead.
You should go home.
You single-handedly fought your way into this hopeless mess.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
You too can wear a nose mitten.
You two ought to be more careful--your love could drag on for years and years.
You will always get the greatest recognition for the job you least like.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
You will be a winner today.  Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
You will be advanced socially, without any special effort on your part.
You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.
You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.
You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.
You will be awarded some great honor.
You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize... posthumously.
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
You will be divorced within a year.
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
You will be held hostage by a radical group.
You will be honored for contributing your time and skill to a worthy cause.
You will be imprisoned for contributing your time and skill to a bank robbery.
You will be married within a year, and divorced within two.
You will be married within a year.
You will be misunderstood by everyone.
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.
You will be run over by a beer truck.
You will be run over by a bus.
You will be singled out for promotion in your work.
You will be successful in love.
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
You will be surrounded by luxury.
You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
You will be Told about it Tomorrow.  Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
You will be winged by an anti-aircraft battery.
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
You will contract a rare disease.
You will engage in a profitable business activity.
You will experience a strong urge to do good; but it will pass.
You will feel hungry again in another hour.
You will forget that you ever knew me.
You will gain money by a fattening action.
You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.
You will gain money by an illegal action.
You will gain money by an immoral action.
You will get what you deserve.
You will give someone a piece of your mind, which you can ill afford.
You will have a long and boring life.
You will have a long and unpleasant discussion with your supervisor.
You will have domestic happiness and faithful friends.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
You will have long and healthy life.
You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
You will inherit millions of dollars.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.
You will live to see your grandchildren.
You will lose your present job and have to become a door to door mayonnaise salesman.
You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.
You will never know hunger.
You will not be elected to public office this year.
You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.
You will outgrow your usefulness.
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
You will pass away very quickly.
You will pay for your sins.  If you have already paid, please disregard this message.
You will pioneer the first Martian colony.
You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.
You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.
You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.
You will remember something that you should not have forgotten.
You will soon forget this.
You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
You will stop at nothing to reach your objective, but only because your brakes are defective.
You will triumph over your enemy.
You will visit the Dung Pits of Glive soon.
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
You will wish you hadn't.
You work very hard.  Don't try to think as well.
You worry too much about your job.  Stop it.  You are not paid enough to worry.
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
You'd like to do it instantaneously, but that's too slow.
You'll be called to a post requiring ability in handling groups of people.
You'll be sorry...
You'll feel devilish tonight.  Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's heel.
You'll feel much better once you've given up hope.
You'll never be the man your mother was!
You'll never see all the places, or read all the books, but fortunately, they're not all recommended.
You'll wish that you had done some of the hard things when they were easier to do.
You're a card which will have to be dealt with.
You're almost as happy as you think you are.
You're at the end of the road again.
You're being followed.  Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.
You're currently going through a difficult transition period called "Life."
You're definitely on their list.  The question to ask next is what list it is.
You're growing out of some of your problems, but there are others that you're growing into.
You're not my type.  For that matter, you're not even my species!!!
You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny.
You're working under a slight handicap.  You happen to be human.
You've been leading a dog's life.  Stay off the furniture.
Your aim is high and to the right.
Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.  Don't believe a thing he tells you.
Your best consolation is the hope that the things you failed to get weren't really worth having.
Your boss climbed the corporate ladder, wrong by wrong.
Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
Your boyfriend takes chocolate from strangers.
Your business will assume vast proportions.
Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.
Your depth of comprehension may tend to make you lax in worldly ways.
Your domestic life may be harmonious.
Your fly might be open (but don't check it just now)  .
Your goose is cooked. (Your current chick is burned up too!)  
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Your love life will be... interesting.
Your lover will never wish to leave you.
Your lucky color has faded.
Your lucky number has been disconnected.
Your lucky number is 3552664958674928.  Watch for it everywhere.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of good news soon.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of new developments.
Your motives for doing whatever good deed you may have in mind will be misinterpreted by somebody.
Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.
Your object is to save the world, while still leading a pleasant life.
Your own qualities will help prevent your advancement in the world.
Your present plans will be successful.
Your reasoning is excellent -- it's only your basic assumptions that are wrong.
Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.
Your sister swims out to meet troop ships.
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
Your step will soil many countries.
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Your temporary financial embarrassment will be relieved in a surprising manner.
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
Enhance your karma by engaging in various charitable activities.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
Hope is like food. You will starve without it.
WHEN FIRE AND WATER GO TO WAR WATER ALWAYS WINS. 
An angry man opens his mouth and shuts up his eyes.
Make the system work for you, not the other way around.
You will be hungry soon, order takeout now.
Be prepared for extra energy.
An unexpected relationship will become permanent.
The love of your life is sitting across from you.
Better be the head of a chicken than the tail of an ox.
To forgive others one more time is to create one more blessing for yourself.
Enjoy yourself while you can.
The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but to hold hands.
Excellence is the difference between what I do and what I am capable of.
Do not let what you do not have prevent you from using what you do have.
What ends on hope does not end at all.
People enjoy having you around. Appreciate this.
You are admired for your adventuous ways.
It's never crowded along the "extra mile"
You are blessed, today is the day to bless others.
The Greatest War Sometimes Isn't On The Battlefield But Against Oneself.
People in your background will be more co-operative than usual.
A good way to stay healthy is to eat more Chinese food.
Anyone who dares to be, can never be weak.
Affirm it, visualize it, believe it, and it`will actualize itself.
The measure of time to your next goal is the measure of your discipline.
Help, I'm prisoner in a Chinese bakery!!! 
Take a minute and let it ride, then take a minute to let it breeze. 
We are here to love each other, serve each other and uplift each other. 
If everybody is a worm you should be a glow worm
To affirm is to make firm.
Remember this: duct tape can fix anything, so don't worry about messing things up.
You broke my cookie! 
Failure is not defeat until you stop trying. 
The days that make us happy make us wise.
Men do not fail... they give up trying.
Time may fly by. But Memories don't.
You will win success in whatever you adopt.
You will outdistance all your competitors.
You have a great capability to break cookies - use it wisely! 
AT TIMES IT IS BETTER TO KNOW WHEN EXIT THAN ENTER 
Money will come to you when you are doing the right thing. 
When you get something for nothing, you just haven't been billed for it yet.
You will discover your hidden talents. 
You'll advance for with your abilities.
When you can't naturally feel upbeat it can sometimes help you to act as if you did.
You will overcome difficult times.
Your problem just became your stepping stone. Catch the moment.
I am a fortune. You just broke my little house. Where will i live now?  
The majority of the word "can't" is can. 
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Be most affectionate today.
Change your thoughts and you change the world.
Sing and rejoice, fortune is smiling on you.
All the preparation you've done will finally be paying off!
A truly great person never puts away the simplicity of a child.
Customer service is like taking a bath you have to keep doing it.
The expanse of your intelligence is a void no universe could ever fill.
Those grapes you cannot taste are always sour.
An unexpected aquaintance will resurface.
If you want the rainbow, then you have to tolerate the rain.
You don't get harmony when everyone sings the same note. 
The race is not always to the swift, but to those who keep on running.
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
The best things in life aren't things.
Don't bother looking for fault. The reward for finding it is low.
Everything has beauty but not everyone sees it.
Nothing is as good or bad as it appears.
Never cut what you can untie.
Meet your opponent half way. You need the exercise.
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
We cannot change the direction of the wind, but we can adjust our sails.
We could learn a lot from crayons: Some of are sharp, some are pretty, some have weird names, and all are different colors. But they all have to learn to live in the same box. 
Use your instincts now. 
If you take a single step to your journey, you'll succeed; it's not best to fail.
In the eyes of lovers, everything is beautiful. 
Warning, do not eat your fortune. 
Demonstrate refinement in everything you do.
Impossible standards just make life difficult.
A different world cannot be build by indifferent people.
Q. What is H2O? A. Caring, 2 parts Hug and 1 part Open-mind. 
All troubles you have can pass away very quickly.
Integrity is the essense of everything successful.
For true love? Send real roses preserved in 24kt gold!
Sometimes the object of the journey is not the end, but the journey itself. 
Fear is just excitement in need of an attitude adjustment.
The food here taste so good, even a cave man likes it.
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on spending.
Happiness isn't something you remember, it's something you experience. 
Oops... Wrong cookie. 
The dream is within you.
Love is on its way.
Be direct, usually one can accomplish more that way.
Use your talents. That's what they are intended for. 
The troubles you have now will pass away quickly. 
See the light at the end of the tunnel.
Your dream will come true when you least expect it. 
Don't 'face' reality, let it be the place from which you leap.
Fortune smiles upon you today.  
Believing is doing.
Your dynamic eyes have attracted a secret admirer.
You know where you are going and how to get there. 
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.
Your ability to pick a winner will bring you success. 
Humor usually works at the moment of awkwardness.
A good time to finish up old tasks.
Stop procrastinating - starting tomorrow 
Enthusiastic leadership gets you a promotion when you least expect it.
You love Chinese food. 
You are far more influential than you think. 
Adjust finances, make budgets, to improve your standing.
Happiness is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to cope with it.
An understanding heart warms all that are graced with it's presense. 
Your co-workers take pleasure in your great sense of creativity.
You are one of the people who "goes places in life."
Others enjoy your company. 
When in doubt, let your instincts guide you.
A cheerful message is on its way to you. 
A pleasant surprise is in store for you tonight. 
you cant go down the right path with out first discovering the path to go down
To courageously shoulder the responsibility of one's mistake is character.
The joyful energy of the day will have a positive affect on you.
You have a strong desire for a home and your family interests come first. 
Dogs have owners, cats have staff. 
Be patient: in time, even an egg will walk. 
You are not a person who can be ignored.
You always know the right times to be assertive or to simply wait.
Reading to the mind is what exercise is to the body.
Eat something you never tried before.
Your life becomes more and more of an adventure!
You need to live authentically, and you can't ignore that.
Make all you can, save all you can, give all you can. 
A well-aimed spear is worth three.
To build a better world, start in your community.
When you can't naturally feel upbeat, it can sometimes help to act a if you did.
May you have great luck. 
A kind word will keep someone warm for years.
Nothing in the world is accomplished without passion.
Human invented language to satisfy the need to complain.
Accept what comes to you each day.
A small lucky package is on its way to you soon.
In human endeavor, chance favors the prepared mind.
Do not upset the penguin today.
Don't cry.
The best way to give credit is to give it away.
Anything you do, do it well. The last thing you want is to be sorry for what you didn't do.
It takes more then good memory to have good memories. 
Grant yourself a wish this year only you can do it.
love thy neighbour, just don't get caught  
You will be selected for a promotion because of your accomplishments.
There are many new opportunities that are being presented to you.
You will inherit a large sum of money. 
You will recieve a gift from someone that cares about you.
You are not illiterate.
Love because it is the only true adventure.
You are contemplating some action which will bring credit upon you
Keep true to the dreams of your youth.
Treasure what you have. 
The greatest precept is continual awareness. 
A new friend helps you break out of an old routine.
I have a dream.... Time to go to bed. 
Your skill will accomplish what the force of many cannot.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter. 
The best is yet to come.
It is better to be the hammer then the anvil.
He who climbs a ladder must begin at the first step.
Action speaks nothing, without the Motive.
Give yourself some peace and quiet for at least a few hours.
Live each day well and wisely
Old dreams never die they just get filed away.
You can fix it with a little extra energy and a positive attitude.
Life is a verb
A man without aim is like a clock without hands, as useless if it turns as if it stands.
Many folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible
Wow! A secret message from you teeth! 
You should be able to make money and hold on to it.
The human spirit is stronger than anything that can happen to it. 
You have a curious smile and a mysterious nature
Your succeess will astonish everyone.
It is better to have a hen tomorrow than an egg today.
Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
You like Chinese food.
Your hard work will get payoff today. 
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going
No matter what your past has been, you have a spotless future.
Your secret desire to completely change your life will manifest.
Soon you will be sitting on top of the world.
You are never selfish with your advice or your help.
A thrilling time is in store for you.
It's tough to be fascinating. 
Soon life will become more interesting
Luck sometimes visits a fool, but it never sits down with him.
Keep your plans secret for now.
Aren't you glad you just had a great meal?
Traveling this year will bring your life into greater perspective. 
Only talent people get help from others.
Constant grinding can turn an iron nod into a needle.
You will be successful in your work
you will spend old age in confort and material wealth
When you're about to turn your heart into a stone remember: you do not walk alone.
I am a bad luck person since I was born 
You are vigorous in words and action. 
The one who snores will always fall asleep first. 
An alien of some sort will be appearing to you shortly!
Rest is a good thing, but boredom is its brother.
Do not be overly judgemental of your loved one's intentions or actions.
Think of how you can assist on a problem, not who to blame.
The life of every woman or man - the heart of it - is pure and holy joy.
Take it easy 
Trust your intuition. The universe is guiding your life.
Use your head, but live in your heart. 
Don't find fault, find a remedy
It may be those who do most, dream most 
Your passions sweep you away.
Listen to yourself more often 
Think of mother's exhortations more.
The gambler is like the fisherman both have beginners luck.
You are given the chance to take part in an exciting adventure.
The simplest answer is to act. 
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
Keep your feet on the ground even though friends flatter you. 
You are the man of righteousness and integrity.
He who seeks will find.
The smart thing to do is to begin trusting your intuitions.
Your many hidden talents will become obvious to those around you.
Pick a path with heart.
The human spirit is stronger then anything that can happen to it.
It takes more than good memory to have good memories.
Face facts with dignity.
Be calm when confronting an emergency crisis.
Do you believe? Endurance and persistence will be rewarded. 
A new wardrobe brings great joy and change in your life. 
Everyone agrees you are the best.
A new outlook brightens your image and brings new friends. 
Everything will now come your way.
You will be called to fill a position of high honor and responsibility.
The eyes believe themselves; the ears believe other people.
Good beginning is half done.
Some pursue happiness; you create it.
It's the worst of times, you need to summon your optimism.
You are cautious in showing your true self to others.
Your ability to accomplish tasks will follow with success.
We all have extraordinary coded within us, waiting to be released. 
You will have a bright future. 
Compassion is a way of being.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
The pleasure of what we enjoy is lost by wanting more
Did you remember to order your take out also?
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on that one thing.. 
Right now there's an energy pushing you in a new direction. 
Everybody feels lucky for having you as a friend.
When the moment comes, take the top one.
Sometimes travel to new places leads to great transformation.
There is always a way - if you are committed.
Life is too short to waste time hating anyone.
All the world may not love a lover but they will be watching him.
Don't just spend time, invest it.
Life always gets harder near the summit.
Take the chance while you still have the choice. 
It is much easier to be cirtical than to be correct.
Enjoy life! It is better to be happy than wise.
To make the cart go, you must grease the wheels.
You are contemplating some action which will bring credit upon you.
Before you wonder "Am I doing things right," ask "Am I doing the right things?" 
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
You will always get what you want through your charm and personality.
The big issues are work, career, or status right now.
Your emotional currents are flowing powerfully now.
Any decision you have to make tomorrow is a good decsion.
Consume less. Share more. Enjoy life.
The secret of staying young is good health and lying about your age.
Spring has sprung. Life is blooming.
Go ask your mom.
The possibility of a career change is near.
The important thing is to never stop questioning.
Compassion will cure more then condemnation.
Excuses are easy to manufacture, and hard to sell.
Put your mind into planning today. Look into the future.
Listen to life, and you will hear the voice of life crying, Be! 
Broke is only temporaryl poor is a state of mind.
Here we go. "Moo Shu Cereal" for breakfast with duck sauce.
Teamwork: the fuel that allows common people attain uncommon results.
You will always be surrended by true friends.
Hard words break no bones, fine words butter no parsnips.
We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.
You are offered the dream of a lifetime. Say yes!
Working out the kinks today will make for a better tomorrow.
You have a curious smile and a mysterious nature.
Questions provide the key to unlocking our unlimited potential.
You will enjoy razon-sharp spiritual vision today.
The wise are aware of their treasure, while fools follow their vanity
Well-arranged time is the surest sign of a well-arranged mind.
Never bring unhappy feelings into your home.
This is really a lovely day. Congratulations!
Bad luck and ill misfortune will infest your pathetic soul for all eternity. 
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.  
You are very grateful for the small pleasures of life.  
today you should be a passenger. Stay close to a driver for a day.
For hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is conquered by love.
Service is the rent we pay for the privilege of living on this planet.
Good clothes open many doors. Go shopping. 
The leader seeks to communicate his vision to his followers.
Great works are performed not by strength, but by perseverance.
People who are late are often happier than those who have to wait for them 
Present your best ideas today to an eager and welcoming audience.
Friends long absent are coming back to you. 
The time is right to make new friends.
Life to you is a dashing and bold adventure
You may be hungry soon: order a takeout now.
Do not hesitate to look for help, an extra hand should always be welcomed.
How can you have a beautiful ending without making beautiful mistakes?
Humor is an affirmation of dignity
He who climbs a ladder must begin at the first step
What's vice today may be virtue tomorow.
You have an unusually magnetic personality.
You will travel to many places.
"Accept yourself"
"Be a generous friend and a fair enemy"
Never quit!
Old friends, old wines and old gold are best
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be granted 
Every Friend Joys in your Success 
You should be able to undertake and complete anything
You will enjoy good health, you will be surrounded by luxury
You are a person of strong sense of duty
Dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so shall you become.
You have a quiet and unobtrusive nature.
Great thoughts come from the heart.
You love peace
Judge not according to the appearance.
One who admires you greatly is hidden before your eyes. 
Traveling more often is important for your health and happiness.
You will be sharing great news with all people you love
You have a reputation for being straightforward and honest.
You are always welcome in any gathering.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
Open up your heart - it can always be closed again.
Being happy is not always being perfect.
Next time you have the opportunity, go on a rollercoaster.
Try everything once, even the things you don't think you will like.
Life is too short to hold grudges.
Dream your dream and your dream will dream of you.
Being alone and being lonely are two different things.
Don't worry about things in the past, there is nothing you can do about them now. Don't worry about things that are happening now, make the best of a bad situation. Don't worry about things in the future, they may never happen. 
Tomorrow, take a moment to do something just for yourself.
Someone close to you is waiting for you to call.
A virtual fortune cookie will not satisfy your hunger like that of a home made one.
Smile. Tomorrow is another day.
You can never been certain of success, but you can be certain of failure if you never try.
It takes ten times as many muscles to frown as it does to smile.
Shoot for the moon! If you miss you will still be amongst the stars.
Keep your eyes open. You never know what you might see.
Tell them what you really think. Otherwise, nothing will change.
Let your heart make your decisions - it does not get as confused as your head.
Working hard will make you live a happy life.
A pleasant surprise is waiting for you.
There is a true and sincere friendship between you and your friends. 
You find beauty in ordinary things, do not lose this ability. 
Ideas are like children; there are none so wonderful as your own. 
It takes more than good memory to have good memories. 
A thrilling time is in your immediate future. 
Your blessing is no more than being safe and sound for the whole lifetime. 
Plan for many pleasures ahead. 
The joyfulness of a man prolongeth his days. 
Your everlasting patience will be rewarded sooner or later. 
Make two grins grow where there was only a grouch before. 
Something you lost will soon turn up. 
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout. 
Excitement and intrigue follow you closely wherever you go! 
A pleasant surprise is in store for you. 
May life throw you a pleasant curve. 
As the purse is emptied the heart is filled. 
Be mischievous and you will not be lonesome. 
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music. 
Your flair for the creative takes an important place in your life. 
Your artistic talents win the approval and applause of others. 
Pray for what you want, but work for the things you need. 
Your many hidden talents will become obvious to those around you. 
Don't forget, you are always on our minds. 
Your greatest fortune is the large number of friends you have. 
A firm friendship will prove the foundation on your success in life. 
Don't ask, don't say. Everything lies in silence. 
Look for new outlets for your own creative abilities. 
Be prepared to accept a wondrous opportunity in the days ahead! 
Fame, riches and romance are yours for the asking. 
Good luck is the result of good planning. 
Good things are being said about you. 
Smiling often can make you look and feel younger. 
Someone is speaking well of you. 
The time is right to make new friends. 
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land. 
Your life will be happy and peaceful. 
A friend is a present you give yourself. 
A member of your family will soon do something that will make you proud. 
A quiet evening with friends is the best tonic for a long day. 
A single kind word will keep one warm for years. 
Anger begins with folly, and ends with regret. 
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals. 
Happy news is on its way to you. 
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at. 
If your desires are not extravagant they will be granted. 
Let there be magic in your smile and firmness in your handshake. 
If you want the rainbow, you must to put up with the rain. D. Parton 
Nature, time and patience are the three best physicians. 
Strong and bitter words indicate a weak cause. 
The beginning of wisdom is to desire it. 
You will have a very pleasant experience. 
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land. 
You will live a long, happy life. 
You will spend old age in comfort and material wealth. 
You will step on the soil of many countries. 
You will take a chance in something in the near future. 
You will witness a special ceremony. 
Your everlasting patience will be rewarded sooner or later. 
Your great attention to detail is both a blessing and a curse. 
Your heart is a place to draw true happiness. 
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far. 
A friend asks only for your time, not your money. 
You will be invited to an exciting event. 
