Scientists say the higher your I.Q. The more you dream.
The largest cell in the human body is the female egg.
You use 200 muscles to take one step.
The average woman is 5 inches shorter than the average man.
Your big toes have two bones each while the rest have three.
A pair of human feet contain 250,000 sweat glands.
A full bladder is roughly the size of a soft ball.
The acid in your stomach is strong enough to dissolve razor blades.
The human brain cell can hold 5 times as much information as the Encyclopedia Britannica.
It takes the food seven seconds to get from your mouth to your stomach.
The average human dream lasts 2-3 seconds.
Men without hair on their chests are more likely to get cirrhosis of the liver than men with hair.
At the moment of conception, you spent about half an hour as a single cell.
There is about one trillion bacteria on each of your feet.
Your body gives off enough heat in 30 minutes to bring half a gallon of water to a boil.
The enamel in your teeth is the hardest substance in your body.
Your teeth start developing (in your gums) 6 months before you are born.
When you are looking at someone you love, your pupils dilate, they do the same when you are looking at someone you hate.
Blondes have more hair than dark-haired people.
The adult human brain weighs about 3 pounds (1,300-1,400 g).
The adult human brain is about 2% of the total body weight.
The elephant brain weighs about 6,000 g.
The cat brain weighs about 30 g.
The average human brain is 140 mm wide.
The average human brain is 167 mm long.
The average human brain is 93 mm high.
The human brain has about 100,000,000,000 (100 billion) neurons.
The octopus brain has about 300 million neurons.
The total surface area of the cerebral cortex is about 2500 sq. cm (~2.5 ft2)
The world record for time without sleep is 264 hours (11 days) by Randy Gardner in 1965.
Unconsciousness will occur after 8-10 seconds after loss of blood supply to the brain.
Neurons multiply at a rate 250,000 neurons/minute during early pregnancy.
The weight of an adult human cerebellum is 150 g.
The total volume of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) is 125-150 ml.
A total of 400-500 ml of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) is produced every day.
Cerebrospinal fluid is normally clear and colorless.
There are 12 pairs of cranial nerves.
There are 31 pairs of spinal nerves.
There are about 13,500,00 neurons in the human spinal cord.
The human spinal cord is 45 cm long in men and 43 cm long in women.
Humans can hear in the range of 20 Hz to 20,000 Hz.
Rats can hear in the range of 1,000 to 50,000 Hz.
The most sensitive range of human hearing is between 1,000-4,000 Hz.
Pain occurs when sounds are above 130 db.
Hearing damage can occur if people are exposed to sounds above 90 db for an extended period of time.
The total number of human taste buds (tongue, palate, cheeks) is about 10,000.
The total number of human olfactory receptor cells is about 40 million.
The human eyeball is about 24.5 mm long.
The octopus does not have a blind spot.
The total weight of skin in an average adult human is 6 lb.(2.7 kg).
There are 1,000 to 10,000 synapses for a "typical" neuron.
The cell bodies of neurons vary in diameter from 4 microns (granule cell) to 100 microns (motor neuron in cord).
The resting potential in a squid giant axon is -70 mV.
Now for some selected facts about amazing animal senses
Bats can find food (insects) up to 18 ft. away and get information about the type of insect using echolocation.
The eyes of the chameleon can move independently. Therefore, it can see in two different directions at the same time.
Crabs have hair on claws and other parts of the body to detect water currect and vibration.
Like bats, dolphins use echolocation for movement and locating objects.
Each eye of the dragonfly contains 30,000 lenses.
The entire body of an earthworm is covered with chemoreceptors.
Blowflies taste with 3,000 sensory hairs on their feet.
The frog has an eardrum (tympanic membrane) on the outside of the body behind the eye.
The giant squid eye is 40 cm in diameter.
The silkworm moth can detect pheromones up to 11 km. away.
Scorpions can have as many as 12 eyes.
No piece of normal-size paper can be folded in half more than 7 times.
The first product to have a bar code scanned was Wrigley's gum.
Earth is the only planet not named after a pagan God.
A Boeing 747s wingspan is longer than the Wright brother's first flight.
The new 787 Boeing was revealed on 7/8/07 or July 8th, 07.
Adding a drop of olive oil and lemon juice to an ice cube then running it over your face gives you better results than some expensive skin care products.
The Germans tried to copy Coca-Cola and came up with the drink Fanta.
Every day is about 55 billionths of a second longer than the day before it
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise.
The largest potato was grown in Lebanon by Khalil Semhat near Tyre.  The spud was 11.3 kilos (24.9 pounds)
Footprints of astronauts who landed on the moon should last at least 10 million years since the moon has no atmosphere.
The national orchestra of Monaco (a nation in Europe) has more individuals than its army.
Earthworms have five hearts
The Himalayan gogi berry contains, weight for weight, more iron than steak, more beta carotene than carrots, more vitamin C than oranges.
Paraguay and Moldova are the only countries with national flags with different emblems on the obverse and reverse sides.
Fingerprints of koalas are similar (in pattern, shape and size) to the fingerprints of humans
Genetically-engineered babies were born first in 2001.
If an Amish man has a beard, he is married.
If a native Hawaiian woman places the flower on her right ear, she is available.  (The bigger the flower, the more desperate)
Apples, not caffeine, are more efficient at waking you up in the morning.
Pope Pius II wrote an erotic book "Historia de duobos amantibus" in 1444.
SCUBA divers cannot pass gas at depths of 33 feet or below
Pele has always hated his nickname, which he says sounds like "baby-talk in Portuguese".
As of 2006, 200 million blogs were left without updates
Two phone books with their pages interlaced require more than 8000 pounds of pressure to separte.
Urban birds have developed a short, fast "rap style" of singing, different from their rural counterparts.
The lion costume in the film Wizard of Oz was made from real lions.
Fathers tend to determine the height of their child, mothers their weight.
The Pope's been known to wear red Prada shoes.
Donald Rumsfeld was both the youngest and the oldest defense secretary in US history.
Coco Chanel started the trend for sun tans in 1923 when she got accidentally burnt on a cruise.
Up to 25% of hospital keyboards carry the MRSA infection.
In ancient Greece, children of wealthy families were dipped in olive oil at birth to keep them hairless throughout their lives.
Ghandi didn't allow his wife to take penicillin to save her life from pneumonia but took quinine to save himself from malaria.
Sex workers (Prostitutes) in Roman times charged the equivalent price of eight glasses of red wine.
As of 2006, more than one in eight people in the United States show signs of addiction to the internet.
More than 90% of plane crashes have survivors.
The Mona Lisa used to hang on the wall of Napoleon’s bedroom.
Barbie's full name is Barbie Millicent Roberts.
Eating a packet of crisps a day is equivalent to drinking five liters of cooking oil a year.
Plant seeds that have been stored for more than 200 years can be coaxed into new life.
For every 10 successful attempts to climb Mount Everest there is one fatality. (As of 2006)
Watching television can act as a natural painkiller for children
Forty-one percent of English women have punched or kicked their partners, according to a study.
The more panels a football has - and therefore the more seams - the easier it is to control in the air.
Music can help reduce chronic pain by more than 20% and can alleviate depression by up to 25%.
The egg came first.
Modern teenagers are better behaved than their counterparts of 20 years ago, showing "less problematic behavior" involving sex, drugs and drink.
Britain is still paying off debts that predate the Napoleonic wars because it's cheaper to do so than buy back the bonds on which they are based.
In Bhutan government policy is based on Gross National Happiness; thus most street advertising is banned, as are tobacco and plastic bags.
The best-value consumer purchase in terms of the price and usage is an electric kettle.
Camel's milk, which is widely drunk in Arab countries, has 10 times more iron than cow's milk.
Iceland has the highest concentration of broadband users in the world.
Native Hawaiian women were not allowed to cook.
The age limit for marriage in France was, until recently, 15 for girls, but 18 for boys. The age for girls was raised to 18 in 2006.
The brain is soft and gelatinous - its consistency is something between jelly and cooked pasta.
The Himalayas cover one-tenth of the Earth's surface.
A "lost world" exists in the Indonesian jungle that is home to dozens of hitherto unknown animal and plant species.
The two most famous actors who portrayed the “Marlboro Man” in the cigarette ads died of lung cancer.
All US Presidents have worn glasses. Some just didn't like being seen wearing them in public.
The Mona Lisa has no eyebrows. It was the fashion in Renaissance Florence to shave them off.
Walt Disney was afraid of mice.
The first known marketer of the flushing toilet was Thomas Crapper.
The average bed is home to over 6 billion dust mites.
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
The average chocolate bar has 8 insect legs in it.
The average American consumes 1.2 pounds of spider eggs a year and eat 2.5 pounds of insect parts a year.  (This fact and the one prior to it have been judged as urban legends by many)
Right-handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people do.  (Makes you think about ambidextrous people)  This fact is based on a study that had errors in it, thus it might not be a fact.
Its impossible to smoke oneself to death with weed. You won\'t be able to retain enough motor control and consciousness to do so after such a large amount.
Every drop of seawater contains approximately 1 billion gold atoms.
The US national anthem actually has three verses, but everyone just knows the first one.
During World War II, IBM built counting machines the Nazis used to manage their death/concentration camps.
During World War II, the British Intelligence used the Colossus Machines (precursor to computers) at Bletchley Park to help decode the enigma code of the Nazis.
The first Computer was ENIAC, short for Electronic Numerical Integrator And Computer, unveiled on February 14, 1946  (Thanks D.B. of AU)
The total combined weight of the worlds ant population is heavier than the weight of the human population.
The deadliest war in history excluding World War II was a civil war in China in the 1850s in which the rebels were led by a man who thought he was the brother of Jesus Christ.
Just about 3 people are born every second, and about 1.3333 people die every second. The result is about a 2 and 2/3 net increase of people every second. Almost 10 people more live on this Earth now, than before you finished reading this.
Happy Birthday (the song) is copyrighted.
The number of people alive on earth right now is higher than the number of all the people that have died. Ever.
Men with a certain rare medical condition can breastfeed babies
There is a rare condition called Exploding Head Syndrome which you have probably never heard of.
Scientists have determined that fungi are more closely related to human beings and animals than to other plants.
In some (maybe all) Asian countries, the family name is written first and the individual name written second
Abe Lincoln bought 50 cents worth of cocaine in 1860
A German World War II submarine was sunk due to malfunction of the toilet.
Washington State has the longest single beach in the United States.Long Beach, WA
The largest living thing on the face of the Earth is a mushroom underground in Oregon, it measures three and a half miles in diameter.
The town of Los Angeles, California, was originally named "El Pueblo la Nuestra Senora de Reina de los Angeles de la Porciuncula"
9 out of 10 people believe Thomas Edison invented the light bulb.This isn't true; Joseph Swan did.
Honey is the only food that does not spoil. Honey found in the tombs of Egyptian pharaohs has been tasted by archaeologists and found edible.
The Population of the world can live within the state boundaries of Texas.
Plastic lawn flamingos outnumber real flamingos in the U.S.A.
Ernest Vincent Wright wrote a novel with over 50,000 words, none of which containing the letter "e."
Tourists visiting Iceland should know that tipping at a restaurant is not considered an insult! Despite the expensive food, tipping is welcome as in any other country.
The largest pumpkin weighed 377 pounds.
The largest cabbage weighed 144 pounds.
Pinocchio was made of pine.
Alfred Hitchcock had no belly button for it was eliminated during surgery.
A quarter has 119 grooves around the edge.
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge.
Cranberry Jell-0 is the only kind that contains real fruit.
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
Maine is the toothpick capital of the world.
New Jersey has a spoon museum with over 5,400 spoons from almost all the states.
There was once a town in West Virginia called "6."
The parking meter was invented in North Dakota.
Napoleon made his battle plans in a sandbox.
Roman Emperor Caligula made his horse a senator.
The green stuff on the occasional freak potato chip is chlorophyll.
Neil Armstrong stepped on the moon with his left foot first.
There are 333 toilet paper squares on a toilet paper roll.
The Eiffel Tower has 2,500,000 rivets in it.
"Jaws" is the most common name for a goldfish.
On an average work day, a typist's fingers travel 12.6 miles.
Every minute in the U.S. six people turn 17.
Ten tons of space dust falls on the Earth every day.
On average, a 4-year-old child asks 437 questions a day.
Blue and white are the most common school colors.
Swimming pools in Phoenix, Arizona, pick up 20 pounds of dust a year.
In a normal lifetime an American will eat 200 pounds of peanuts and 10,000 pounds of meat.
A new book is published every 13 minutes in America.
America's best selling ice cream flavor is vanilla.
Every year the sun loses 360 million tons.
Because of Animal Crackers, many kids until they reach the age of ten, believe a bear is as tall as a giraffe.
The Gulf Stream could carry a message in a bottle at an average of 4 miles per hour.
The bulls-eye on a dartboard must be 5 feet 8 inches off the ground.
The doorbell was invented in 1831.
The electric shaver was patented on November 6, 1928.
Japan is the largest exporter of frog's legs.
There are seven points on the Statue of Liberty's crown.
Napoleon was terrified of cats.
The first Lifesaver flavor was peppermint.
The typical American eats 263 eggs a year.
The parking meter was invented by C.C. Magee in 1935.
The oldest known vegetable is the pea.
Jack is the most common name in nursery rhymes.
The avocado has the most calories of any fruit.
The first zoo in the USA was in Philadelphia.
France has the highest per capita consumption of cheese.
The shortest English word that contains the letters A, B, C, D, E, and F is "feedback."
The state of California raises the most turkeys out of all of the states.
George Washington Carver invented peanut butter.
Iceland was the first country to legalize abortion in 1935.
The dumbest domesticated animal is the turkey.
Russia has the most movie theaters in the world.
The most fatal car accidents occur on Saturday.
The Eiffel Tower has 1792 steps.
The mongoose was barred live entry into the U.S. in 1902.
Goldfish swallowing started at Harvard in 1939.
Dry fish food can make goldfish constipated.
The stall closest to the door in a bathroom is the cleanest, because it is the least used.
Toilet paper was invented in 1857.
Alaska could hold the 21 smallest States.
Before Prohibition, Schlitz Brewery owned more property in Chicago than anyone else, except the Catholic church.
If you put a raisin in a glass of champagne, it will keep floating to the top and sinking to the bottom.
Kermit the Frog is left-handed.
Nondairy creamer is flammable.
The car in the foreground on the back of a $10 bill is a 1925 Hupmobile.
If you can see a rainbow you must have your back to the sun.
The reason firehouses have circular stairways is from the days of yore when the engines were pulled by horses. The horses were stabled on the ground floor and figured out how to walk up straight staircases.
It's rumored that sucking on a copper penny will cause a breathalyzer to read 0. Myth Busters on the Discovery Channel proved this wrong.
The ship, the Queen Elizabeth 2, should always be written as QE2. QEII is the actual queen.
The correct response to the Irish greeting, "Top of the morning to you," is "and the rest of the day to yourself."
Columbia University is the second largest landowner in New York City, after the Catholic Church.
When the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers play football at home to a sellout crowd, the stadium becomes the state's third largest city.
Ohio is listed as the 17th state in the U.S., but technically it is Number 47. Until August 7, 1953, Congress forgot to vote on a resolution to admit Ohio to the Union.
When Saigon fell, the signal for all Americans to evacuate was Bing Crosby's "White Christmas" being played on the radio.
The pet ferret was domesticated more than 500 years before the house cat.
The dome on Monticello, Thomas Jefferson's home, conceals a billiards room. In Jefferson's day, billiards were illegal in Virginia.
The most common speed limit sign in the United States is 25 m.p.h.
At any one time, there are 100 million phone conversations going on in the United States.
The world's record for continuous pogo stick jumping is 41 hours.
The Ottoman Empire once had seven emperors in seven months. They died of (in order): burning, choking, drowning, stabbing, heart failure, poisoning and being thrown from a horse.
You can make edible cheese from the milk of 24 different mammals.
Sir Isaac Newton, who invented Calculus, had trouble with names to the point where he would forget his brothers' names.
In medieval Thailand, they had moveable type printing presses. The type was made from baked oxen dung.
By law, employees do not have to wash hands after sneezing.
The average American consumes enough caffeine in one year to kill a horse.
More American workers (18%) call sick on Friday than any other day of the week. Tuesday has the lowest percent of absenteeism (11%).
Enough beer is poured every Saturday across America to fill the Orange Bowl.
A newborn expels its own body weight in waste every 60 hours.
Whales die if their echo system fails.
Florida's beaches lose 20 million cubic yards of sand annually.
Naturalists use marshmallows to lure alligators out of swamps.
It takes a ton of water to make a pound of refined sugar.
Weevils are more resistant to poisons in the morning than at night.
Cacao, the main ingredient of chocolate is the most pest-ridden tree in the jungle.
In deep space most lubricants will disappear.
America once issued a 5-cent bill.
The average person can live 11 days without water.
In 1221 the daughter of Genghis Khan ordered the killing of the entire population of the city of Nishapur (about 60,000) in one hour.  The order came after her husband killing. (Moguls claim that 1.7 million were killed)
There are 35 million digestive glands in the stomach.
In 1800 on 50 cities on earth had a population of more than 100,000.
More steel in the US is used to make bottle caps than to manufacture automobile bodies.
It is possible for any American citizen to give whatever name he or she chooses to any unnamed mountain or hill in the United States.
King Henry III of France, Louis XVI of France and Napoleon all suffered from ailurophobia--fear of cats.
Before 1850 golf balls were made of leather and stuffed with feathers.
Clocks made before 1687 had only one hand, and hour hand.
The motto of the American people, "In God We Trust," was not adopted as the national slogan until 1956.
More Americans have died in automobile accidents than have died in all the wars ever fought by the United States.
The ampersand (&) was once a letter of the English alphabet.
The principality of Monaco consists of 370 acres.
There are more than 40,000 characters in Chinese script.
During the time of Peter the Great, any Russian man who had a beard was required to pay a special tax.
The first couple to be shown in bed together on prime time television was Fred and Wilma Flintstone.
Coca-Cola was originally green.
Every day more money is printed for Monopoly than the U.S. treasury.
The Hawaiian alphabet has 12 letters (I was thankfully corrected by a friend: The Hawai'ian alphabet has 13 letters, A, E, I, O, U, H, K, L, M, N, P, W, ' (which is called an okina).
Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better.
The amount American Airlines saved in 1987 by eliminating one olive from each salad served in first class: $40,000.
City with the most Rolls Royces per capita: Hong Kong.
State with the highest percentage of people who walk to work: Alaska.
Percentage of Africa that is wilderness--28%. Percentage of North America that is wilderness--38%.
Average number of days a German goes without washing his underwear: 7.
Percentage of American men who say they would marry the same woman if they had it to do all over again: 80%.
Percentage of American women who say they'd marry the same man: 50%.
Cost of raising a medium size dog to the age of 11: $6,400.
Average people airborne over the US any given hour: 61,000.
Average lifespan of a major league baseball: 7 pitches.
The only President to win a Pulitzer Prize: John Kennedy for "Profiles in Courage."
The youngest Pope was 11 years old.
Iceland consumes more Coca-Cola per capita than any other nation.
First novel ever written on a typewriter: "Tom Sawyer."
A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why. (This was challenged and proved wrong by the TV show "Mythbusters")
The main library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building.
Each king in a deck of playing cards represents a great king from history. Spades--King David, Clubs--Alexander the Great, Hearts--Charlemagne and Diamonds--Julius Caesar.
If a statue in the park of a person on a horse has both front legs in the air, the person died in battle; if the horse has one leg front leg in the air, the person died as a result of wounds received in battle; if the horse has all 4 legs on the ground, the person died of natural causes.
Only two people signed the Declaration of Independence on July 4th. The last signature wasn't added until 5 years later.
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one mile in every five must be straight. These straight sections are useable as airstrips in times of war or other emergencies.
The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth 2, QE2, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado.
The first airline, DELAG, was established on October 16, 1909, to carry passengers between German cities by Zeppelin airships. Up to November 1913, more than 34,000 people had used the service.
Titanic was running at 22 knots when she hit the iceberg
The citrus soda 7-UP was created in 1929; '7' was selected because the original containers were 7 ounces. 'UP' indicated the direction of the bubbles
Francis Scott Key was a young lawyer who wrote the poem, 'The Star Spangled Banner', after being inspired by watching the Americans fight off the British attack of Baltimore during the War of 1812. The poem became the words to the national anthem
Because radio waves travel at 186,000 miles per second and sound waves saunter at 700 miles per hour, a broadcast voice can be heard sooner 13,000 miles away than it can be heard at the back of the room in which it originated
Mosquito repellents don't repel. They hide you. The spray blocks the mosquito's sensors so they don't know your there
The bagpipe was originally made from the whole skin of a dead sheep
It has been recommended by dentists that a toothbrush be kept at least 6 feet (two meters) away from a toilet to avoid airborne particles resulting from the flush!
In ancient Rome it was considered a sign of leadership to be born with a crooked nose
It is possible to drown and not die. Technically the term 'drowning' refers to the process of taking water into the lungs, not to death caused by that process.
The first known heart medicine was discovered in an English garden. In 1799, physician John Ferriar noted the effect of dried leaves of the common foxglove plant, digitalis purpurea, on heart action. Still used in heart medications, digitalis slows the pulse and increases the force of heart contractions and the amount of b lood pumped per heartbeat.
Dry cereal for breakfast was invented by John Henry Kellogg at the turn of the century
During World War II, a German U-boat was sunk by a truck. The U-boat in question attacked a convoy in the Atlantic and then rose to see the effect. The merchant ship it sank had material strapped to its deck including a fleet of trucks, one of which was thrown in the air by the explosion, landing on the U-boat and breaking its back
Jeremy Bentham, a British philosopher who died in 1832,left his entire estate to the London Hospital provided that his body be allowed to preside over its board meetings. His skeleton was clothed and fitted with a wax mask of his face. It was present at the meeting for 92 years.
Diet Coke was only invented in 1982.
Methane gas can often be seen bubbling up from the bottom of ponds. It is produced by the decomposition of dead plants and animals in the mud.
The E. Coli bacterium propels itself with a 'motor' only one-millionth of an inch in diameter, a thousand times smaller than the tiniest motors built to date by man. The rotation of the bacterial motor comes from a current of protons. The efficiency of the motor approaches 100 per cent.
Henry Ford produced the model T only in black because the black paint available at the time was the fastest to dry.
At - 40 degrees Centigrade a person loses about 14.4 calories per hour by breathing.
Pet superstores now sell about 40 percent of all pet food
One million Americans, about 3,000 each day, take up smoking each year. Most of them are children.
In 1933, Mickey Mouse, an animated cartoon character, received 800,000 fan letters.
There are only four words in the English language which end in '-dous': tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous
If you attempted to count to stars in a galaxy at a rate of one every second it would take around 3,000 years to count them all.
Less than 3% of Nestlé's sales are for chocolate.
The average person will spend two weeks over their lifetime waiting for the traffic light to change
More than 2500 left handed people are killed every year from using right handed products
It is estimated that at any one time, 0.7% of the world's population are drunk
The tip of a 1/3 inch long hour-hand on a wristwatch travels at 0.00000275 mph
Less than one per cent of the 500 Chinese cities have clean air, respiratory disease is China's leading cause of death.
The number of cars on the planet is increasing three times faster than the population growth
The X's that people sometimes put at the end of letters or notes to mean a kiss, actually started back in the 1000's when Lords would sign their names at the end of documents to other important people. It was originally a cross that they would kiss after signing to signify that they were faithful to God and their King. Over the years though, it slanted into the X
Nova Scotia is Latin for 'New Scotland.'
The collecting of Beer mats is called Tegestology.
Even though it is widely attributed to him Shakespeare never actually used the word 'gadzooks'.
Only 2 blue moons (the saying 'only once in a blue moon ' refers to the occurrence of two full moons during one calendar month) are to occur between now and 2001. Those times are January 1999 and March 1999
"Naked" means to be unprotected. "Nude" means unclothed
Upper and lower case letters are named 'upper' and 'lower', because in the time when al original print had to be set in individual letters, the 'upper case' letters were stored in the case on top of the case stored smaller, 'lower case' letters
In the 40's, the Bich pen was changed to Bic for fear that Americans would pronounce it 'Bitch.'
Inventor Samuel Colt patented his revolver in 1836.
There are more than 1,700 references to gems and precious stones in the King James translation of the Bible.
Between 1942 and 1944, Academy Awards were made of plaster.
John Madden is an accomplished ballroom dancer.
In 21 states, Wal-Mart is the single largest employer.
Jim Gordon, drummer of Derek and the Dominos ("Layla"), killed his mother with a claw hammer.
One of Hewlett Packard's first ideas was an automatic urinal flusher.
Eric Clapton did not play the very famous first riff on the song "Layla". That was Duane Allman. Clapton comes in later.
There are more cars in Southern California than there are cows in India.
The two-foot long bird called a Kea that lives in New Zealand likes to eat the strips of rubber around car windows.
The province of Alberta, Canada is completely free of rats.
Illinois has the most personalized license plates of any state.
If a statue in the park of a person on a horse has both front legs in the air, the person died in battle; if the horse has one front leg in the air, the person died as a result of wounds received in battle; if the horse has all four legs on the ground, the person died of natural causes.
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.
The international telephone dialing code for Antarctica is 672.
The average chocolate bar has 8 insect legs in it.
Fleas can jump 130 times higher than their own height. In human terms this is equal to a 6 foot person jumping 780 feet into the air.
Snakes are true carnivores as they eat nothing but other animals. They do not eat any type of plant material.
There are no venomous snakes in Maine.
The blue whale can produce sounds up to 188 decibels. This is the loudest sound produced by a living animal and has been detected as far away as 530 miles.
Erosion at the base of Niagara Falls (USA) undermines the shale cliffs and as a result, the falls have receded approximately 7 miles over the last 10,000 years.
The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building.
North Dakota has never had an earthquake.
Alexander Graham Bell (who invented the telephone) also set a world water-speed record of over seventy miles an hour at the age of 72.
There is enough fuel in a full tank of a jumbo jet to drive an average car four times around the world.
Hawaii is moving toward Japan 4 inches every year.
Chimps are the only animals that can recognize themselves in a mirror.
The leg bones of a bat are so thin that no bat can walk.
If you keep a goldfish in the dark room, it will eventually turn white.
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
Almonds are members of the peach family.
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.
Americans on the average eat 18 acres of pizza every day.
One person in two billion will live to be 116 or older.
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.
February 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon.
More people are killed by donkeys annually than are killed in plane crashes.
The dot that appears over the letter "i" is called a tittle.
All major league baseball umpires must wear black underwear while on the job (in case their pants split).
The Spanish word esposa means "wife." The plural, esposas, means "wives," but also "handcuffs."
If all Americans used one third less ice in their drinks the United States would become a net exporter instead of an importer of energy.
If the Nile River were stretched across the United States, it would run nearly from New York to Los Angeles.
San Francisco cable cars are the only National Monuments that move.
The Hoover Dam was built to last 2,000 years. Its concrete will not be fully cured for another 500 years.
Abraham Lincoln's dog, Fido, was assassinated too.
All of David Letterman's suits are custom made - there are no creases in his suit trousers.
Cranberry Jell-O is the only flavor that contains real fruit flavoring.
Fewer than half of the 16,200 major league baseball players have ever hit a home run.
In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first.
Richard Versalle, a tenor performing at New York's Metropolitan Opera House, suffered a heart attack and fell 10 feet from a ladder to the stage just after singing the line "You can only live so long."
If the entire population of earth was reduced to exactly 100 people, 51% would be female, 49% male; 50% of the world's currency would be held by 6 people, one person would be nearly dead, one nearly born.
In 1920, Babe Ruth out-homered every American League team.
Topless saleswomen are legal in Liverpool, England, but only in tropical fish stores.
Toxic house plants poison more children than household chemicals.
The original name of Bank of America was Bank of Italy.
The ant, when intoxicated, will always fall over to its right side.
The California Department of Motor Vehicles has issued six driver's licenses to six different people named Jesus Christ.
Michael Jordan makes more money from Nike each year than all the Nike factory workers in Malaysia combined.
People in China and Japan die disproportionately on the 4th of each month because the words death and four sound alike, and they are represented by the same symbol.
Chicago is closer to Moscow than it is to Rio de Janeiro.
Dogs have two sets of teeth, just like humans. They first have 30 "puppy" teeth, then 42 adult teeth.
In 1950, President Harry Truman threw out the first ball twice at the opening day Washington DC baseball game; once right handed and once left handed.
A Swiss ski resort announced it would combat global warming by wrapping its mountain glaciers in aluminum foil to keep them from melting.
The chameleon has a tongue that is one and a half times the length of his body.
Beethoven dipped his head in cold water before he composed.
There once was a town named "6" in West Virginia.
Ten years ago, only 500 people in China could ski. This year, an estimated 5,000,000 Chinese will visit ski resorts.
In 1920, Babe Ruth broke the single season home run record, with 29. The same year, he became the first major leaguer to hit 30 home runs. The same year, he became the first major leaguer to hit 40 home runs. The same year, he became the first major leaguer to hit 50 home runs.
A Nigerian woman was caught entering the UK with 104 kg of snails in her baggage.
Profanity is typically cut from in-flight movies to make them suitable for general audiences. Fox Searchlight Pictures has substituted "Ashcroft" for "A**hole" in the movie Sideways when dubbed for Aerolineas Argentinas flights.
Author Hunter S. Thompson, who committed suicide recently, wanted to be cremated and his ashes to be shot out of a cannon on his ranch.
Sports Illustrated magazine allows subscribers to opt out of receiving the famous swimsuit issue each year. Fewer than 1% choose this option.
There is a company that will (for $14,000) take your ashes, compress them into a synthetic diamond to be set in jewelry for a loved one.
The RIAA sued an 83 year old woman for downloading music illegally, even though a copy of her death certificate was sent to the RIAA a week before it filed the suit.
Two 1903 paintings recently sold at auction for $590,000 - the paintings were in the famous "Dogs Playing Poker" series.
Russian scientists have developed a new drug that prolongs drunkenness and enhances intoxication.
Romanian firefighters could not get their trucks close enough to a burning building, so they put out the fire by throwing snowballs at it.
A perfect SAT score is 1600 combined. Bill Gates scored 1590 on his SAT. Paul Allen, Bill's partner in Microsoft, scored a perfect 1600. Bill Cosby scored less than 500 combined.
Motorists traveling outside Salem, Oregon saw one of the "litter cleanup" signs crediting the American Nazi party. Marion County officials had no choice but to let that group into the adopt-a-road program. The $500 per sign was picked up by Oregon taxpayers. The Ku Klux Klan is also involved in the adopt-a-road program in the state of Arkansas.
Spam filters that catch the word "cialis" will not allow many work-related e-mails through because that word is embedded inside the word "specialist".
McDonald's restaurants will buy 54,000,000 pounds of fresh apples this year. Two years ago, McDonald's purchased 0 pounds of apples. This is attributed to the shift to more healthy menu options (the Apple Pie, which has been at McDonald's for years uses processed Apple Pie Filling).
The biggest dog on record was an Old English Mastiff that weighed 343 pounds. He was 8 feet, 3 inches from nose to tail.
Mailmen in Russia now carry revolvers after a recent decision by the government.
All of Queen Anne's 17 children died before she did.
There are over 87,000 Americans on waiting lists for organ transplants.
American made parts account for only 1% of the Chrysler Crossfire. 96% of the Ford F-150 Heritage Truck is American.
A Dutch court ruled that a bank robber could deduct the 2,000 Euros he paid for his pistol from the 6,600 Euros he has to return to the bank he robbed.
Only 6% of the autographs in circulation from members of the Beatles are estimated to be real.
The time spent deleting SPAM costs United States businesses $21.6 billion annually.
60.7 percent of eligible voters participated in the 2004 presidential election, the highest percentage in 36 years. However, more than 78 million did not vote. This means President Bush won re-election by receiving votes from less than 31% of all eligible voters in the United States.
John Quincy Adams, sixth president of the United States, loved to skinny dip in the Potomac River.
La Paz, Bolivia has an average annual temperature below 50 degrees Fahrenheit. However, it has never recorded a zero-degree temperature. Same for Stanley, Falkland Islands and Punta Arenas, Chile.
41% of Chinese people eat at least once a week at a fast food restaurant. 35% of Americans do.
A Wisconsin forklift operator for a Miller beer distributor was fired when a picture was published in a newspaper showing him drinking a Bud Light.
G-rated family films earn more money than any other rating. Yet only 3% of Hollywood's output is G-rated.
Richard Hatch, winner of the first "Survivor" reality series, has been charged with tax evasion for failing to report his $1,000,000 prize.
The entire fleet of Unicoi County Tennessee's salt trucks was rendered out of commission in one accident. All three trucks were badly damaged when one of them began skidding down a road, causing a chain reaction accident. Officials blamed road conditions.
More people study English in China than speak it in the United States of America (300 million).
Fast food provider Hardee's has recently introduced the Monster Thickburger. It has 1,420 calories and 107 grams of fat.
More than 2,500 left-handed people are killed each year from using products that are made for right-handed people.
For every person on earth, there are an estimated 200 million insects.
There are 2,000,000 millionaires in the United States.
1.5 million Americans are charged with drunk driving each year.
A Georgia company will mix your loved one's ashes with cement and drop it into the ocean to form an artificial reef.
The Washington Times newspaper is owned by the Rev. Sun Myung Moon.
The busiest shopping hour of the holiday season is between 3:00 pm and 4:00 pm on Christmas Eve.
In 2002, women earned 742,000 bachelor's degrees. Men earned only 550,000 during the same year. The difference is growing so large that many colleges now practice (quietly) affirmative action for male applicants.
Most of the deck chairs on the Queen Mary 2 have had to be replaced because overweight Americans were breaking them.
Actor Bill Murray doesn't have a publicist or an agent.
The day after President George W. Bush was reelected, Canada's main immigration website had 115,000 visitors. Before Bush's re-election, this site averaged about 20,000 visitors each day.
Only 30% of stolen artwork worth more than $1,000,000 each is recovered.
The typical American child receives 70 new toys a year, most of them during the holiday season.
90% of Canada's 31,000,000 citizens live within 100 miles of the U.S. border.
Costco is the largest wine retailer in the United States. Annual wine sales are about $700 million.
The worst air polluter in the entire state of Washington is Mount St. Helens.
There are less than 100 surviving American World War I veterans.
Actor Bruce Willis has filed a lawsuit against the movie studio that produced his film "Tears of the Sun", alleging he was struck in the forehead by a fake bullet. Since 2002 (when the movie was in production), the lawsuit claims he has endured "extreme mental, physical, and emotional pain and suffering".
A ten year old mattress weighs double what it did when it was new, because of the -ahem- debris which is absorbed through the years. That debris includes dust mites (their droppings and their decaying bodies), mold, millions of dead skin cells, dandruff, animal and human hair, secretions, excretions, lint, pollen, dust, soil, sand and a lot of perspiration, of which the average person loses a quart per day. Good night!
About 20% of gift cards never are redeemed at the full value of the card.
John Kerry's hometown newspaper, the Lowell Sun, endorsed George W. Bush for president in 2004. Bush's hometown newspaper, the Lone Star Iconoclast, endorsed John Kerry for president in 2004.
Only 939 of the 1,400,000 high school seniors who took the SAT in 2004 got a perfect score of 1600. Two of them are twin brothers Dillon and Jesse Smith from Long Island, NY.
Billboard magazine has recently launched a top 20 chart of cell phone ringtones.
The US Army is handing out $2,500 to Fallujah residents whose property was destroyed by US planes and artillery.
George W. Bush, who presents himself as a man of faith, rarely goes to church. Yet he received votes from nearly two out of three voters who attend church at least once a week.
In 2015, it is estimated that half the federal budget will be spent on programs for the elderly.
A private elementary school in Alexandria, Virginia, accidentally served margaritas to its schoolchildren, thinking it was limeade.
The Chicago Cubs are suing former Hartford Courant newspaper carrier Mark Guthrie to get back $301,000 in pay that was intended to go to a Cubs pitcher with the same name. The Tribune Company owns both the Hartford Courant and the Chicago Cubs.
In February 2004, a Disney World employee was killed when he fell from a parade float and was trapped between two float sections. OSHA termed this a serious workplace violation, but Disney was fined only $6,300.
Even today, 90% of the continental United States is still open space or farmland.
The second Saturday in September is usually a popular time for weddings. Not in 2004, as most couples did not want their anniversaries on September 11.
Mel Gibson has personally earned almost $400,000,000 from his movie "The Passion of the Christ".
Austin High School in Texas has removed candy from its vending machines. Now some enterprising students are earning $200 per week dealing in black market candy.
In 2004, Virgin Atlantic Airlines introduced a double bed for first class passengers who fly together.
The world's largest book, "Bhutan: A Visual Odyssey" is in a Chicago public library. The book measures 5 feet tall by 7 feet wide when open. It weighs 133 pounds.
If the recent U.S. election was held in Canada, John Kerry would have beaten George Bush in a landslide - 64% to 19%.
Oprah Winfrey and Elvis Presley are distant cousins.
55% of Americans claim they would continue working even if they received a $10,000,000 lottery prize.
The company that manufactures the greatest number of women's dresses each year is Mattel. Barbie's got to wear something.
All radios in North Korea have been rigged so listeners can only receive a North Korean government station. The United States recently announced plans to smuggle $2,000,000 worth of small radios into the country so North Koreans can get a taste of (what their government calls) "rotten imperialist reactionary culture".
La Paz, Bolivia is the world's most fireproof city. At 12,000 feet about sea level, the amount of oxygen in the air barely supports a flame.
The estates of 22 dead celebrities earned over $5 million in 2004. These celebrities include Elvis Presley, Dr. Seuss, Charles Schulz, J.R.R. Tolkien and John Lennon.
George Washington spent about 7% of his annual salary on liquor.
Each year, more people are killed by teddy bears than by grizzly bears.
If you disassembled the Great Pyramid of Cheops, you would get enough stones to encircle the earth with a brick wall twenty inches high.
Nearly one third of New York City public school teachers send their own children to private schools.
The New York City Police Department has a $3.3 billion annual budget, larger than all but 19 of the world's armies.
CBS's fine for Janet Jackson's "wardrobe malfunction" in the 2004 Super Bowl show was $550,000. This could be paid with only 7.5 seconds of commercial time during the same Super Bowl telecast.
In September 2004, a Minnesota state trooper issued a speeding ticket to a motorcyclist who was clocked at 205 mph.
Al Gore's roommate in college (Harvard, class of 1969) was Tommy Lee Jones.
In her later years, Florence Nightingale kept a pet owl in her pocket.
The New York Jets were unable to find hotel rooms for a game in Indianapolis recently because they had all been booked up by people attending Gencon, a gaming convention.
China is the world's largest market for BMW's top of the line 760Li. This car sells for $200,000 in China - more than almost all people in China make in a lifetime.
A chef's hat is shaped the way it is for a reason: its shape allows air to circulate around the scalp, keeping the head cool in a hot kitchen.
As you age, your eye color gets lighter.
There are 206 bones in the adult human body, but 300 in children (some of the bones fuse together as a child grows).
The human eye blinks an average of 4,200,000 times a year.
It takes approximately 12 hours for food to entirely digest.
The longest living cells in the body are brain cells which can live an entire lifetime.
There are more living organisms on the skin of a single human being than there are human beings on the surface of the earth.
Marilyn Monroe had six toes on one foot.
Lorne Greene had one of his nipples bitten off by an alligator while he was host of "Lorne Greene's Animal Kingdom".
Life expectancy for Russian men has actually gone down over the past 40 years. A Russian male born today can expect to live an average 58 years.
In 1985, the most popular waist size for men's pants was 32. In 2003, it's 36.
Seven percent of Americans claim they never bathe at all.
In 2004, one in six girls in the United States enter puberty at age 8. A hundred years ago, only one in a hundred entered puberty that early.
Newest trend in the Netherlands: Tiny jewels implanted directly into the eye.
A British gymnast survived a fall from a fourth story window because he went into a somersault and came down on two feet.
Jeffrey and Sheryl McGowen in Houston turned to vitro fertilization. Two eggs were implanted in Sheryl's womb, and both of them split. Sheryl gave birth to two sets of identical twins at once.
In 1991, the average bra size in the United States was 34B. Today it's 36C.
The average North Korean 7-year-old is almost three inches shorter than the average South Korean 7-year-old.
Every year, 2700 surgical patients go home from the hospital with metal tools, sponges, and other objects left inside them. In 2000, 57 people died as a result of these mistakes.
We forget 80 percent of what we learn everyday.
Pain is measured in units of "dols". The instrument used to measure pain is a "dolorimeter".
The Amish a diet high in meat, dairy, refined sugars and calories. Yet obesity is virtually unknown among them. The difference is since they have no TVs, cars or powered machines, they spend their time in manual labor.
As of January 1, 2004, the population of the United States increases by one person every 12 seconds. There is a birth every eight seconds, an immigrant is added every 25 seconds, but a death every 13 seconds.
Astronauts cannot burp in space. There is no gravity to separate liquid from gas in their stomachs.
The liquid inside young coconuts can be used as a substitute for blood plasma.
Fidgeting can burn about 350 calories a day.
Wearing headphones for an hour increases the bacteria in your ear 700 times.
A baby is born without kneecaps. They appear between age 2 and 6.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
In a recent survey, Americans revealed that banana was their favorite smell.
The arteries and veins surrounding the brain stem called the "circle of Willis" looks like a stick person with a large head.
Brushing your teeth regularly has been shown to prevent heart disease.
A kiss stimulates 29 muscles and chemicals causing relaxation. Women seem to like it light and frequent, men like it more strenuous.
Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better.
Your nose and ears never stop growing.
Men get hiccups more often than women.
Human teeth are almost as hard as rocks.
Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
The average person has over 1,460 dreams a year.
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day.
Your ribs move about 5 million times a year, every time you breathe.
One quarter of the bones in your body are in your feet.
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails.
The average person laughs 15 times a day.
The Chilean hummingbird has been known to suck blood from animals like a giant mosquito.
Police in Germany are looking for an prisoner who mailed himself out of jail. Hans Lang appears to have hidden himself inside a large Federal Express package of dirty sheets that was later picked up for delivery. Once clear of the prison grounds, Lang exited the box, picked the lock on the door of the delivery truck, and disappeared into some woods near Dusseldorf. - The Week Magazine, 11/28/08
Pennsylvania firefighters in biohazard suits had to saw Shannon Hunter out of a porta-potty. He was wedged in so tight, rescuers had to saw the toilet away from him. When asked why he was naked, Miller just shrugged his shoulders. - UPI, 6/10/08
Research shows that if you don't eat before and during an overnight flight, it suspends your body's sense of time - thus avoiding jet lag. - The Week Magazine, 12/26/08
Mice may be responsible for a blaze that killed nearly 100 cats at an animal shelter near Toronto, Canada. The fire marshal says mice or rats chewing through electrical wires in the ceiling are likely to have sparked the blaze. - BBC News, 12/19/08
Magnets have been shown to reduce swelling and increase blood flow, allowing for faster healing. - The Week Magazine, 12/26/08
An Austin, Texas man paid $1,350 for a cornflake in the shape of Illinois. - Parade Magazine, 12/28/08
The odds are 6 out of 10 (59%) that you want to throw every person in Congress out and start all over. - The Week Magazine, 12/26/08
General Motors lost $181,000 each minute of the second quarter 2008. - Newsweek, 12/29/08
The U.S. government has spent billions of dollars since 1992 to buy a fleet of 112,000 alternative fuel vehicles. Unfortunately there are so few suppliers of ethanol and natural gas, so these vehicles are powered by gasoline 92% of the time. - The Week Magazine, 12/5/08
Two men entered a man's home - one holding a gun while the other brandished a knife to the resident's neck. The assailants demanded the victim's eggbeater. - Yahoo! News, 12/16/08
The odds are 1 out of 7 (14%) that you have replaced your land-line phone with your cell phone. - The Week Magazine, 12/26/08
City crews in Ankeny, Iowa are using garlic salt to melt snow and ice from city streets. - Chicago Tribune, 12/17/08
Out of the 11,585 stock mutual funds tracked by Morningstar, Inc., 11,584 have lost money in 2008. The sole exception, APX Midcap Growth Fund, posted a market-beating return of 0%. - The Week Magazine, 12/5/08
Walmart has more than 2,100,000 employees - about the same as the entire population of the country Latvia. - Fast Company, 12/08
31-year-old Tom Sietas holds the world record for holding his breath underwater - an amazing 10 minutes 12 seconds. - The Week Magazine, 12/12/08
25% of employees who use the Internet visit porn sites during the workday. - Time Magazine, 12/8/08
Gas stations are actually making more profit now that gas prices are much lower. - The Week Magazine, 12/12/08
The obesity rate in the United States has doubled between 1976 and 1999. California is the only state not getting any fatter. - Discover Magazine, 1/09
British cemeteries are exhuming bodies in order to rebury them deeper, leaving room for more bodies on top. - The Week Magazine, 11/28/08
An Iowa man is suing Martha Stewart and KMart for an injury caused by a deck chair. Patrick Albanese claims he is no longer able to perform magic and play the banjo, due to his severed fingertip. - Des Moines Register, 11/18/08
A seller on eBay was asking $500 for his 1963 Pontiac LeMans Tempest - it had no motor nor transmission. Auto enthusiasts recognized it as one of six Tempest Super Duty cars ever built. The car sold for $226,521. - The Week Magazine, 11/28/08
About 200 thefts of nuclear material are reported each year. Most of this material is never recovered. - USA Today, 12/25/06
Barack Obama is the first president that has Internet access in the Oval Office. - The Week Magazine, 11/28/08
The number of adults in the United States who smoke has dropped below 20 percent for the first time on record, but cigarettes still kill almost half a million people per year. - Reuters, 11/13/08
Because of taxes, the average cost of a pack of cigarettes in New York City is $8.66. - The Week Magazine, 11/28/08
A drunken Jersey City councilman Steven Lipski was arrested for urinating on a crowd of concertgoers from the balcony of a Washington night club. - New York Daily News, 11/9/08
"Leave It to Beaver" actor Tony Dow has one of his sculptures displayed at the Louvre in Paris. - Los Angeles Times, 11/15/08
Texas is the only state in the US that allows its residents to vote from space
In Texas, you can be legally married by publicly introducing a person as your husband or wife 3 times
Texas is the only state in the USA to maintain a secession clause in their agreement with the federal government. Texas can declare its independence and become a sovereign nation simply by enacting the provision.
Despite what Texans want to believe, the previous fact is false, since the original treaty negotiations (which would have supported a secession clause) were ditched in favor of a more traditional annexation agreement
Texans still proudly insist their state is the largest in the Union, even when confronted by Alaska’s massive size. They justify their claim using the metric, “useful parts of the place accessible by pickup truck.”
The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth 2, moves 26 feet for each gallon of diesel that it burns. (someone actually bothered with the calculation)
Morning breath is caused by millions of bacteria in your mouth feeding off dead cells
The word anagram has no anagram
Americans spend almost $1 billion on petrol every 24 hours
In Venezuela, fuel costs $0.02. Thats right, 2 cents
The highest fuel price is in the Netherlands. They have a 158% fuel tax making it $2.56 a litre
The highest fuel tax in the world is in the UK - a whooping 188%
In Iran, when fuel prices went up to 15 cents a litre, a lynch mob went across Tehran torching gas stations
In 2008, Japan invented a silent wasabi fire alarm that wafts wasabi vapour. In a test, 93% of occupants woke up within 2 minutes.
Half of the world’s gold is produced in South Africa
It is a custom for South Africans to name their babies the first thing that comes to mind after birth
South Africa boasts more (6) Nobel prize winners than Mexico (3), China (1) and India (2) put together
In South Africa, @ is called “aapstert” wich means a “monkey’s tail”
In South Africa, termites are often roasted and eaten by the handful, like pretzels or popcorn
Hagrid is said to be twice the height of a human but in the films he is mentioned to be 8 feet 6 inches.
Hermione’s cat Crookshanks is no ordinary cat as he is half-kneazle. Kneazles are intelligent cat-like creatures who can sniff out suspicious characters and if a kneazle takes a liking to a witch or wizard, they make for excellent pets.
Members of the Order of the Pheonix are the only wizards who know how to communicate using their patronuses. A wizard’s patronus is the individual’s unique spirit guardian and is effective in use against the dark arts.
Dementors don’t breed. They grow where there’s decay, like fungus.
The tattoos on Sirius Black’s body are borrowed from Russian prison gangs. These are to identify a person as one to be feared and respected.
The command that makes the Dark Mark (the mark of the Dark Lord) appear is “Morsmorde” which appropriately means ‘take a bite out of death in French.
Harry’s middle name is James, Hermione’s is Jane and Ron’s is unfortunately, Bilius.
Garden gnomes are considered to be pests in the wizarding community because they eat the roots of plants and make little piles of earth, very much like moles.
The ghost Nearly-Headless Nick was beheaded because a botched dentistry job. He was trying to straighten Lady Grieve’s teeth but instead she sprouted a tusk.
Dumbledore has a scar in the shape of the London Underground above his knee.
The secret code Arthur Weasley must dial into a telephone keypad to access the Ministry of Magic is 62442. The letters underneath those numbers on a standard phone spell out the word ‘magic’.
You can only see a thestral when you can appreciate what death really means. This is why Harry could not see them until he witnessed the death of Cedric Diggory.
The original snitch used in early Quidditch matches was actually a fat bird called a snidget. When some wizards thought this to be too cruel, the wizard Bowman Wright invented the Golden Snitch.
Hogwarts’ school motto is ‘Draco dormiens nunquam titillandus’ which is Latin for ‘Never Tickle a Sleeping Dragon’.
Harry Potter, JK Rowling and the actor Daniel Radcliffe all share the same birthday – July 31st
There are over 400 known animals that engage in homosexual practices
Male lions will engage in same sex practices until they encounter a mixed pride
Many cheetah brotherhoods only allow male members
Male Orang Utans can retract their penises to create a cavity for other males to penetrate
Rhesus Macaques and the Big Horn Sheep are one of the few animals that has anal sex
River dolphines are known to insert their penis into the blowhole of another male’s head
Chiropractic was founded by a “magnetic healer”
At one stage, the founder of chiropractic (Daniel Palmer) considered turning it into a religion
The first H1N1 ’swine flu’ virus was isolated in a pig in 1930
Before 2009, there was approximately one human Swine Flu infection every 1-2 years in the USA. In 2009, it became a global pandaemic
You cannot contract swine flu from eating properly cooked pork or pork products
The normal flu vaccination received earlier this year are not effective in preventing swine flu
In Australia, 1 in 10 work leave associated with illness is due to influenza
At the moment of orgasm, the female brain switches off
Jay Leno hosted ‘The Tonight Show’ for 17 years and has almost never taken a night off
He reportedly earns USD$17,000,000 a year according to Forbes
Leno has earned almost USD$1 billion in revenue for NBC since going on air
Jay Leno the comedian, was once legally banned from telling jokes
Jay Leno is a car enthusiast and has almost 80 exotic cars and bikes in his collection. His Harley Davidson was auctioned for charity, and sold for USD$1,550,100.
Jay Leno is what you get when you cross an Italian man and a Scottish woman
Scientologists do believe in a Supreme Being, but do not worship one. Scientology believes that only through total spiritual enlightenment can one then truly discover and understand the Supreme Being.
The Church of Scientology is the first large organization to be banned from editing Wikipedia
Germany is seeking to ban Scientology
Tom Cruise, John Travolta, Lisa Cartwright (Simpsons) and Anne Archer are members of the Church of Scientology
Scientology involves the practice of ‘auditing,’ which is a one-on-one session with a Scientology counselor or ‘auditor.’ It involves an E-meter, that measures changes in electrical resistance through the body and supposedly helps locate areas of concern
The Church of Scientology and all of it’s companies do not pay tax because they fall under the categories of religious practices
Scientology holds a religious status only in the United States and Australia
The first United States coast to coast airplane flight occurred in 1911 and took 49 days
When airplanes were still a novel invention, seat belts for pilots were installed only after the consequence of their absence was observed to be fatal - several pilots fell to their deaths while flying upside down
An airplane’s “blackbox”‘ is a device which records conditions and events on an air vessel. A “blackbox” is actually orange in color to make it more visible in the wreckage. The term black box might come from its charred appearance after an air crash
A 747-400 has six million parts (half of which are fasteners) made in 33 different countries
Seventy-five thousand engineering drawings were used to produce the first 747
The outer skin of an aeroplane is only 5 mm thick. Only 7.5 in (19 cm) separate the passengers from the outside
During takeoff, when full of high pressure air, the takeoff weight is increased by about a ton
John Hancock was the only one of fifty signers of the Declaration of Independence who actually signed it on July 4
The Honey badger is the most fearless animal in the world. It will approach and track animals much bigger than itself
The honey badger has very loose skin that allows it to twist and turn even if bitten by a predator
Honey badgers are not part of the badger subfamily but are more closely related to weasels
The honey badger can withstand the venom of a snakebite that could kill an elephant
Eventhough a badger cub might be 2-3 kg larger than their mother, they are still entirely dependent on her for food
The honey badger has thick skin which is almost 6mm thick at the back of his neck
This badger has a pair of anal glands can emit a profuse, unpleasant secretion, often used to mark out territory
A single poison arrow frog has enough poison to kill 2,000 people
Certain frogs can reguritate their stomachs, in order to clean them (with their feet)
Some frogs use sugars as an antifreeze for vital organs
Some frogs like the wood frog and some turtles can stop their heart and frost their tissues during winter and defrost after that
Frogs cannot swallow with their eyes open
Bullfrogs do not sleep
In ancient times, semen was once used as antacid to treat heartburns
A teaspoon of semen has more calories than 100ml of Diet Coke
Semen is ejaculated at a speed of 25mph
In highschool, Barack was known as Barry and was part of the “Choom gang”
Obama won a Grammy Award in 2006 for Best Spoken Word Recording for the audio version of his book; Dreams From My Father
Obama’s family home in Chicago has 4 fireplaces
He worked in Baskin-Robbins as a teenager
Obama experimented with drugs and admitted that back in his early years he tried marijuana and cocaine but was not proud of it
Barack is a smoker but does not drink alcohol
One of Obama’s favourite books is ‘Where Wild Things Lie’
He was born in Honolulu, Hawaii but went to live in Indonesia with his mum when his parents divorced. There he was introduced to dog meat, snake meat, and roasted grasshopper
Obama used to love wearing sweaters. Now you only see him in a suit and tie
An advertisement for the assasination of Obama made its way into a newspaper before being quickly taken off
Babies born in Korea are automatically one year old
South Korea has a special day to celebrate their Alphabet called Hangul on October 9th
Korea was originally spelt Corea
Seoul in South Korea is literally translated to mean “capital”
Microscopic critters known as tardigrades, or water bears live in droplets of water.
When they lose water, they can go to sleep for up to 100 years. A little water is all it takes for them to spring back to life.
Moss patches can make its own soil from particles in the environment
Reindeers eat moss because it contains a chemical that keeps their blood warm. Much like the anti-freeze in your car
During summer, moss can reduce its metabolism to almost zero in order to survive
Moss can grow in temperatures just above zero degrees
Moss cannot survive in a polluted environment
It is not true that moss only grows on the north side of trees. In fact, they will grow anywhere that has moisture and sunlight
Turns out Facebook wasn’t always called Facebook. It originally launched as TheFacebook on thefacebook.com with Zuckerberg claiming he was “Founder, Master and Commander, Enemy of the State”. It didn’t become Facebook.com until 2005 when the fledgling site bought the domain for $200,000 from aboutface.com a web and intranet directory software company
Over 70% of Facebook users are outside the United States with all those people spending a whopping 5703 years (3 billion minutes) on the site each day.
The website is built on PHP-MySQL and is the second most-trafficked PHP site in the world
In April 2006, revenue was rumored to be over $1.5 million per week
The company already rejected a $975 million offer for the site
Facebook is valued at 8 billion according to Peter Thiel
It currently hosts over 1.7 Billion photos
Facebook is the 5th most valuable US Internet company, yet with only $150 million in annual revenue.
With this success, Zuckerberg (founder), Moskowitz and Hughes moved out to Palo Alto for the summer and rented a sublet. A few weeks later, Zuckerberg ran into the former cofounder of Napster, Sean Parker. Parker soon moved in to Zuckerberg’s apartment and they began working together. Parker provided the introduction to their first investor, Peter Thiel, cofounder of PayPal and managing partner of the Founders Fund. Thiel invested $500,000 into Facebook.
George W Bush was a cheerleader
He graduated from Yale University with a low C average
George W Bush became the first American president to enter the office after being convicted of a crime
Bush has been arrested for stealing a Christmas wreath
George W Bush had never left the United States until he became president
As governor of Texas, he was responsible for more executions than any other American governor
In 1927, X-rays were used to help people find a fitting shoe. It was known as the Shoe-Fitting Fluoroscope but was later destroyed due to health hazards
Shoes were made over 4000 years ago
Heels were invented in the Middle East to help lift the foot from the burning sand
In 16th and 17th century Europe, heels on shoes were always colored red
Sneakers were originally called keds
The first lady’s boot was designed for Queen Victoria in 1840
Before the 19th century, there wasn’t a left or right shoe. Both sides were identical
In Biblical times a sandal was given as a sign of an oath
In Hungary the groom drinks a toast to his bride out of her wedding slipper
In the Middle Ages a father passed his authority over his daughter to her husband in a shoe ceremony. At the wedding, the groom handed the bride a shoe, which she put on to show she was then his subject
The average person has over 1,460 dreams a year
People who become blind after birth can see pictures in their dreams. People who are born blind dream in terms of smell, touch, sounds and emotion
People who are snoring are not dreaming
Robert Louis Stevenson wrote “Doctor Jeckyll and Mr. Hyde” after dreaming of the story
Frankenstein was a character created from a dream
The characters in your dreams are all people you have met in the past
1 in 10 people dream in black and white
External factors influence your dreams. If your bladder is full, some people dream of going to the toilet
Animals can have dreams
There are more than 20,000 brands of beer
Beer was created as early as 4,300 BC
The egyptians used to have over 100 medicinal purposes for beer
The biggest beer fest is Octoberfest. It started out as a wedding ceremony
In old Germany, beer was made by monks
Chess was invented in Iran
There are more than a thousand trillion, trillion, trillion, trillion, trillion, trillion, trillion, trillion, trillion ways a chess game can be played. ( 10120). That is more than the number of electrons in the universe
The Queen in chess was originally a male prime minister and could only move 1 square diagonally. Her power grew during the Renaissance period.
The folding chess board was invested by a priest
The rook is named from an Arabic word rukh, meaning chariot. During the Middle Ages, when chariots were no longer in use, the rook was gradually modified to look more like the turret of a castle.
The word “checkmate” comes from the Persian phrase “shah mat,” which means “the king is defeated.”
Lewis Carrol’s novel “Through the Looking Glass” was based on a chess game, much the way “Alice in Wonderland” was based on playing cards
A titanium driver hitting a golf ball can create a sonic boom
There are 336 dimples on a regulation golf ball
Golf has been played on the moon! (Alan Shepard 1971)
The longest hole on a golf course is the sixth hole at the Koolan Island Course in Australia. The hole measures 860 yards
Scotland invented golf but then banned the game in 1647.
It was rumoured to stand for Gentlemen Only Ladies Forbidden. That is in fact wrong. The medieval Dutch word “kolf” or “kolve” meant “club.” It is believed that word passed to the Scots, whose old Scots dialect transformed the word into “golve,” “gowl” or “gouf.”
There are more bicycles than cars in the world
A long time ago, bicycles were faster than cars
The first bicycles were made without pedals
The first bicycle was called a hobbyhorse
The fastest cyclist is Olympian John Howard. He rode at an amazing 245.08 km/h (152.2 mph) by slipstreaming a car
Car tyres were modified out of bicycle tyres
The oscar statuettes were once made of plaster - during the war
Only one wooden statuette was ever presented. It was to a ventriloquist dummy (Charlie McCarthy)
The phrase ‘Elementary my dear Watson’ was never mentioned in the Sherlock Holmes books
Sherlock means blonde, but the main characters are all dark haired
Holmes is modeled after the Scottish physician Joseph Bell
Holmes’ famous deerstalker cap was not created by Doyle, but by the illustrator, Sidney Paget
“when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth?” is the most famous true quote written by Conan Doyle
Watson has a bullet wound that was first described as being in the shoulder, but in another story the wound had moved to the leg
The only woman to have beaten Holmes was Irene Adler
Sherlock Holmes believed in Spiritualism, fairies and ghosts, just like his creator and author
There are more than 260 movies, 2 musicals and a ballet based on the book
In 1964, Sherlock Holmes books were the best sellers second only to the Bible
Sherlock abused cocaine and morphine in “The Sign Of Four”
A raisin in a glass of champane (or any soda water) will continuously bounce up and down from the bottom of the glass
The glue on Israeli stamps are kosher
Israel has the highest number of companies listed on the U.S. Stock exchange after the U.S and Canada
The most popular product in Israel is the soup nut
Israeli bank notes have brail on them
Israel has more in-vitro fertilization per capita than anywhere else in the world
The two most common family names are Cohan and Levi
Jerusalem has one of the highest rated night clubs in the world
1/3 of Israelis are volunteers
The bark of a redwood tree is fire resistant
No insect can kill a redwood tree
A redwood tree can live for 2000 years
A redwood tree ‘holds on’ to other tree roots in order to stand so tall.
In the past, barbers were also surgeons and dentists
When a barber finished an operation, he would wrap the bloody bandages around a pole. That is the origin of the red swirled barber pol
Barbers are mentioned in the bible. “Now, son of man, take a sharp sword and use it as a barber’s razor to shave your head and your beard.”
In England, people were required by law to shave their head or beard
Barbers used to give their clients enemas
A leech has 32 brains
Leeches are used to treat some diseases. In the past, they were used to cure anything from a headache to gout
The bite of a leech is actually painless
Leeches can bite through a hippos hide
A leech has three mouths and Millions of teeth
Your brain uses less power than a mini flashlight, about 12 watts. Know more about this fact
The body can function without a brain. And anyone who has walked around the city on a Saturday night will know what I mean. (someone else said this)
Rice and other grains contain chemicals that can enhance brain function
Your brain is almost 80% water
Everyday, the human brain generates more electrical impulses than all the telephone wires in the world put together
Your brain weighs less than your skin
Playboy has already been seen on the moon
You have to be at least 58.5 inches tall to be an astronaut
Astronauts grow taller (height) in space
The Apollo astronauts were not given life insurance before their flights
Astronaut Neil Armstrong first stepped on the moon with his left foot
Neil Armstrong almost died during a training exercise while controlling the landing module
Armstrong’s quote “That’s one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind” was said 6 1/2 hours after landing. Armstrong claimed he said “a man” which was inaudible due to static
Buzz Aldrin was the first man to pee on the moon. He used his relief tube live on TV with 1/5 of the world watching
Buzz Aldrin took holy communion on the moon
Buzz Aldrin’s mother’s maiden name was “Moon”
While in quarantine after the Apollo mission, Buzz Aldrin filled out a government expense account report and was reimbursed $33.31
In December 1972, U.S. astronaut Eugene Cernan became the last person to set foot on the moon.
For Muslim astronauts, without special dispensation, they will have to pray 80 times in 24 hours. However, Malaysian religious bodies have said that they will only need to pray five times a day and that the times should follow the location of the spacecraft’s launch
The eath wastes enough paper every day to cover the netherlands every 5 minutes
Using a normal piece of letter-sized (8.5″ x 11″, 216 mm Ã— 279 mm) copy paper, you can fold it 8 times by folding it 4 times in one direction, then 4 times in the other as shown in mythbusters
The creator of the Cabbage Patch Dolls was a former Microsoft programmer who left in 1981
Bill Gates’ house was designed using a Macintosh computer
Bill Gate had a SAT score of 1590. The top score for the test is 1600
Bill Gates earns $250 every second; that’s about $20 million a day and $7.8 billion a year
By the age of 17, Gates had sold his first computer program, a time-tabling system for his high school, for $4,200
Tetris has sold over 40 million copies worldwide, since it began in 1982.That provided the creator 800 million in revenues
David Bradley wrote the code for [Ctr]+[Alt]+[Delete] key sequence
The QWERTY keyboard layout is 129 years old
When the cd was invented, it was decided that a cd should be long enough to hold beethoven’s Ninth Symphony at any tempo which was precisely 72 minutes
One terabyte(1000 gigabytes) is equivalent to storing a stack of documents that is more than 16 times the height of New York’s empire state building
50 gigabytes of information can hold up to 3 piles of single spaced typed pages that is taller than the Eiffel tower
According to the university of california 1,693,000 terabytes of information are produced & stored magnetically per year
Wonka’s chocolate room used enough fake chocolate to fill a swimming pool
1850 real chocolate bars were made by Nestle for the film- A special walk-in trailer was acquired to hold all the chocolate.  It was kept at a certain humidity to preserve and safe guard the chocolate.  All chocolate was made with real ingredients.
Other real candy made for the film included:All the lollipops on the trees, the giant pink sugar canes, the giant humbugs and the red & white swirls of the sweeping tree were all real
The Nut Room- Animal trainer Michael Alexander and his team spent 19 weeks training 40 squirrels for the squirrel room scene.  The squirrels were trained to sit on stools while they opened nut shells and dropped the nuts onto a conveyor belt
Macquariums are aquariams made from old macintosh computers
The technology contained in a single game boy unit in 2000 exceeds all the computing power that was used to put the first man on moon in 1969
The digits 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9 are known as Arabic numerals but were originally defined by Indian mathematicians
The symbols for 1, 4 and 6 were accepted first. The symbols for 2, 7 and 9 were only accepted 100 years later
In the United States between 1975 - 1995, there were only four states without earthquakes: Florida, Iowa, North Dakota, Winconsin
Alaska is the most earthquake prone zone in the world
Earthquakes also occur on the moon (”moonquakes”)
The world’s deadlist earthquake was in central China in 1556, killing 830,000 people
On the Richter scale, 1.0 is equivalent to a construction site blast while 5.0 is equivalent to the Nagasaki atomic bomb. The Indian Ocean earthquake in 2004 stood at 9.3
An atom is made out of a nucleus and orbiting electrons. If the nucleus were a size of a marble, and the electron the width of a hair, the region the electrons orbits would be as far as 2 miles
The concept of atoms came from India
The Mayans had a weapon called the “hornet bomb” which was an actual hornet’s nest thrown at enemies
In ancient Mexico (Tenochtitlan), a ritual ball game known as tlachtli was often played in which the losers were sacrificied to the Gods
Many English words came from the Mexicans: tomatoes, chocolate and avocado
Mexico introduced chocolate, corn and chilli to the world. The Aztecs loved chocholate
The Chihuahua was named after a Mexican state
Texas was actually once a Mexican state
The official name of Mexico is Estados Unidos Mexicanos (United Mexican States
Dolphins sleep with one eye open
A dolphin has no jaw muscles for chewing
A tablespoon of water in a dolphins lung could kill it (Catton, Chris. 1995. Dolphins. New York, NY: St. Martin’s Press)
The dolphin brain has more folds than a human brain
Dolphins do not have a sense of smell, but they can distinguish different tastes: sweet, sour, bitter, salty
Planktons can only swim vertically
Despite being so small, plankton blooms can be seen from space
The three stooges were made up of six men
Three of the men were actually brothers (Moe, Curly and Shemp)
During World War I, the language of the Choctaw Indians was used to encode messages,
But that in World War II, the language of the Navajo Indians was used. The Navajo language was considered by the Japanese to be an “unbreakable” code.
During the battle of Iwo Jima, Navajo code-talkers sent and received over 800 messages without any errors and without computers. There were only 6 of them!
A theater manager in Seoul, Korea felt that The Sound of Music was too long, so he shortened it by cutting out all the songs
Millipedes that smell of almond can secrete a toxin similar to cyanide when threatened
Millipedes can have up to 700 legs
In 1992, a New Mexico jury awarded $2.9 million in damages to Stella Liebeck after she spilt a cup of coffee on her lap, burning herself. Thus begins the annual Stella Awards
Pepsi was created by a pharmacist and initally named “Brad’s drink”
Pepsi was the first foreign product sold in the USSR (Russia). In exchange, vodka was sold in the West
Pepsi had a difficult time in China because of the tranlations.
In 1958, Pepsi’s slogan was “Be sociable” which translated as, “Be intimate.” Sales dropped.
Pepsi then changed their slogan in 1961 to, “Now it’s Pepsi for those who think young” which was translated to, “New Pepsi is for people with the minds of children.” Sales dropped even more.
“Come alive in with Pepsi!” became “Pepsi brings your ancestors back from the dead.” and the catch phrase “Come alive! You’re in the Pepsi generation,” was instead heard as “Resurrect! Your body will be made of Pepsi!”
Barnacles have penises 8 times the length of their bodies
Barnacles are hermaphrodites (male and female organs), but still choose to mate with other individuals whenever possible
Mozart’s full name was Johannes Chrysostomus Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart
Mozart married the sister of the woman he had unsuccessfully courted several years earlier
He began composing and performing music at the age of six
Mozart died at the age of 35
He was an avid traveller. He spent a third of his life travelling
Mozart’s grave was desecrated and dug up to make room for more graves
Mozart’s skull was presented to the Salzburg Mozerteum by a grave robber. Nobody can confirm the skull belonged to the maestro
California has more people than the entire population of Canada combined
California grows more than 30% of the nations food supply
1 in 5 Californians are born overseas
In 1994, California became home to more than a third of USA’s immigrant population
The Lake Shrine/Ashram in California has some of the only Ghandi’s ashes allowed outside India
The Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco has enough steel wires in its cables to circle the earth at the equator 3.5 times
James Bond Casino Royale is actually based on Ian Flemming’s first Bond novel
There have been seven American Bond Girls, four English , three French, two Swedish and one each from Japan, Malaysia, Switzerland , Italy, and Poland
Bond was born in Germany
Roger Moore was the oldest Bond actor at 58
The Bond franchise has raked in almost $4 billion dollars
Sean Connery’s wife doubled for actress Mie Hama in a water-dive scene for You Only Live Twice
On a Roman numeral clock face, the number 4 is written as ‘IIII’ instead of ‘IV’ as it should be. The reasons for this include:
In the olden times, ‘IV’ was the sign of Jupiter, so the Romans wrote  “IIII” so that the time wouldn’t show as “1 2 3 GOD 5…”
The ‘IIII’ numeral is to balance out the weight of the clock. The heavier numbers on the left side of the clocks needed to be balanced by the heavier ‘IIII’ rather than the light ‘IV’
There is a story that a famous clockmaker had constructed a clock for Louis XIV, king of France. The clockmaker had naturally used IV for four. When the clock was shown to the king, he remarked that IIII should have been used instead of IV. When it was explained to him that IV was correct, he still insisted, so that there was nothing to do but change the clock dial. This introduced the custom of using IIII for four. This is probably only a story, however, as IIII occurs long before the time of Louis XIV. And this same story is also told in connection with other monarchs. (Time & Timekeepers, W. I. Milham, The Macmillan Company, New York, 1947, p. 196)
Theodore Roosevelt’s wife and mother died on the same day and in the same house
Roosevelt was the first American president to ride in a car and fly in an airplane
Roosevelt’s foreign policy was, ‘Speak softly and carry a big stick.’
Roosevelt married at the age of 22, and his wife was 19
In 1915, Winston Churchill fought in the front line trenches before he became the Minister of Munitions. Thanx Shadey66
Although the two-finger V for Victory sign is synonymous with Winston Churchill, it actually was the idea of a Belgian refugee in London, Victor De Laveleye
Lady Astor once told Winston Churchill ‘if you were my husband, I would poison your coffee’. His reply ‘ if you were my wife, I would drink it!’
John Wilke Booth’s brother once saved the life of Abraham Lincoln’s son. It took place shortly before Abraham Lincoln’s assassination
Lincoln was the first president to be assassinated
He was also the tallest president
Abraham Lincoln invented and patented a buoyancy adjustment system for steamboats
Lincoln was known as a storyteller and jokester, but he also suffered from depression
Lincoln used to keep his notes, letters and even his bills in his black tophat
Australia is a major exporter of camels
Australia has no native monkey. (in the wild)
Australia’s box jellyfish has toxins more potent than the venom in cobras, and is one of the deadliest jellyfish in the world
At an estimated population of 40 million, there are more than twice as many kangaroos as people in Australia.
Australia owns more sea (16 million km2) than it does land area (7.6 million km2)
Australians are the biggest users of fresh water per capita
Australia wastes over 2.6 Billion plastic bottles every year
10% of all the fish caught in the world are sold in Japan
An average Japanese eats her/his own body weight in seafood a year
Owls are one of the only birds who can see the color blue
The burrowing owl will use the abandoned burrows of other animals
The eyes of an owl are one of their best features and make up almost 5% of their body weight
The Great Horned Owl has no sense of smell
Certain species of owls have special feather that allows them to fly silently
Their eyes are held in place by bony structures in the called Sclerotic rings. Because of this, they cannot or move their eyes. In order to look sideways, they need to turn their neck instead. Amazingly, they can turn their neck to extreme degrees - even upside down.
Pie (3.142…) has been correctly cited up to the 42,194th decimel point by Hiroyuki Goto, of Keio University in Tokyo in February 1995
The pie number has also been used in some spy codes due to its complexities
The Nightingale sings much louder and move varied at night, unlike other birds that sing at dawn
A poem written by John Clare in 1832 is done entirely in the nightingale’s lyrics - “Chew chew chee chew chee - chew - cheer cheer cheer…”
UK has the world’s first snoring farm, and one client was charted at 103 decibels
Snoring is actually a medical condition that needs to be cured
Australians consume more than 18 million kilograms of noodles a year. That is almost 1kg of noodle per person
For Chinese people, thin long noodles are eaten during their birthdays to symbolyze longevity
In Japan, it is polite to slurp loudly while eating noodles or soba. They will even tell you to slurp instead of eating quietly
The largest clam was found in Japan in 1956 and it weighed 750 kg
Less than 30% of people read an entire newspaper
The first newspapers were either distributed in China or in Rome where they were made out of stone or metal
Florence Nightingale, the most famous nurse in modern history, was only a nurse for three years of her life
James Derham in 1783 was a black slave who worked as a nurse, which eventually paid for his freedom. He then moved to Philadelphia and became a doctor
In poor countries, there is 1 psychiatric nurse to every 1,000,000 psychiatric patients
Nepal has the lowest ratio of nurses per capita in the world. The highest is in Finland
The first nursing school dates back to 250 B.C, and was founded in India
In olden times, male nurses were only found in organizations such as The Teutonic Knights, the Knights of Lazarus and the Knights Hospitalers (founded in 1119)
The pulp of grapes have been found to be protective to the human heart
Compared to other primates, human males have proportionally large genitalia
The Milky Way is currently devouring a smaller galaxy known as the Sagittarius dwarf elliptical galaxy
In turn, the larger neighbouring Andromeda galaxy will absorb the Milky Way in about 2 billion years
Earth is the densest planet in the solar system and the only one not named after a God
Earth is egg shaped
The Earth’s equater is actually growing fatter. Accelerated melting of Earth’s glaciers is taking the blame for the gain in equatorial girth. Reported in Aug. 2 issue of the journal Science
Earth gets heavier every year. Roughly 1000 tonnes of space dust land of its surface annually
Early on, storms were named for the location they hit or a particular day they made landfall, i.e. the Labor Day Hurricane. In 1953, the Department of Defense started naming hurricanes by a numerically, i.e. Able, Baker, Charlie, etc. This lasted only 3 years upon which female names were used instead
A storm surge only officially becomes a hurricane when winds hit 119km/hr (74 mph)
In 1950, the first Hurricane name was Easy that hit the coast of Florida
Hurricanes lose about 50% of their intensity in the 12 hours after landfall
Hurricanes circulate counter-clockwise in the Northern Hemisphere and clockwise in the Southern Hemisphere
The Dead Sea is 365 m below sea level
There are over 50 nuclear warheads and 9 nuclear reactors lost at sea. This was according to a study released in 1989 by Greenpeace environmental group and the Institute for Policy Studies
The United States have acknowledged losing a hydrogen bomb south of Japan in 1965
The longest civil war is fought in Myanmar which has been in strife since 1948 - present
The longest ongoing war (not civil) is between Isreal and Palastine which started in 1947
The longest war in history goes to the incorrectly named 100-year-war between Britain and Frace which went on for 116 years
The shortest war took place in 1896 when Zanzibar surrendered to Britain after 38 minutes
Chevy Chase was a battle that took place on the english-Scottish border in 1388
Global spending on defence total more than $700 billion. Global spending on education is less than $100 billion
Pluto was discovered by accident. Calculations which later turned out to be wrong, falsely predicted a planet beyond Nepture. Astronomers found Pluto before their mistake was corrected
In 2006, Pluto was no longer considered a planet and was demoted to dwarf planet status
Pluto is the 2nd most contrasty body in the Solar System, after Iapetus
Scientists postulate that there is another planet beyond pluto, known as Planet X
The search for planet X is done via the space telescope called SIRTF (Space Infrared Telescope Facility) that is kept below freezing temperatures
Ancient Sumerian texts write about a race of Anunnaki living on Nibiru (Planet X) and that Nibiru is on a 3600 year eliptical orbit, unlike the rest of the planets in our solar system
In Ukraine, a woman’s shirt/blouse is very important. Every woman was supposed to know how to make a shirt. Average women had around 15-20 shirts while well-to-do women had over 50 shirts
Traditionally in summer, unmarried Ukrainian women do not wear hats or bonnets and walk bare-headed, with their hair usually braided
The actor who played the monsters in Ultraman was a martial arts expert (Nakajima) and his apprentice acted as Ultraman instead
In the Ultraman series, the monster costumes would often be complete except for the feet. This was to allow the actors to balance themselves for the fights
At the end of the series, the English dub is incorrect. In the English dub, Ultraman stated he would return, and this was different to the original script
When you are born, your umbilicus is the best source of stem cells that can be used to generate every single cell in your body. If not harvested immediately, this source is lost forever
The word ‘upset’ originated from horse racing. The common use of the word came after one race where a new upstart horse named ‘Upset’ unexpectedly beat the crowd favourite named ‘Man O’ War’ who had never lost a race before that day
Twinkle twinkle little star has been around for over 200 years
The song twinkle twinkle little star is a combination of an English poem “The Star” and a French tune “Ah! vous  dirai-je, Maman”
In the French tune, the original lyrics told the story of a girl telling her mother that she was being seduced by a man called “Silvandre”
Mozart has also used the tune of twinkle twinkle little star as inspiration for 12 variations of his own work
Contrary to belief, Thomas Crapper did not invent the modern flushing toilet. He did however, patent 3 modifications to the toilet
The windshield wiper was invented by a woman
The Olympics was once outlawed as a pagan celebration
The Olympic torch relay was actually not part of the ancient games but was introduced as part of Nazi propoganda during the 1936 Berlin Olympics
In the 1936 Berlin Olympics, only people from the “Aryan race” were allowed to represent Germany. That year, they also topped the medal tally and won the Olympics
In the 1956 Melbourne Games, there was a hoax by 9 students where a fake torch made out of a burning pair of underpants and a plum pudding can on the end of a chair leg was presented to the Mayor instead of the Olympic torch
The Olympic flame traces back to the original Olympia flame and has never been extinguished (due to several backup fires)
The Olympic flame in Olympia, Greece is rekindled every two years using the sun’s rays and a concave reflective mirror
At the start of the modern Olympics in 1896, winners were actually awarded Silver instead of Gold
The ancient Olympiads only had one race, the first of which was won by a chef. In 2008, there are over 300 events
The youngest Olympic athlete participated at the age of 10 (Dimitrios Loundras in 1896) and the oldest was 72 (Oscar Swahn, 1972)
The Olympic rings represent the five major regions of the world â€“ Africa, the Americas, Asia, Europe and Oceania
Poland’s Stanislawa Walasiewiczowna (Stella Walsh) was the first women to break the 12 second barrier in the 100-meter race at the 1932 Olympics in Los Angeles. She later died in a robbery attempt, after which an autopsy declared her to be a male
One of the 7 World Baha’¡­ Houses of Worship is located on the outskirts of Kampala, Uganda
It is stated that almost 50% of Uganda’s population are under 15 years old
The butcher of Uganda, Idi Amin, was responsible for genocide. So many bodies were dumped into the Nile river that it clogged up the dam
26 of the American states have names originating from native Indian words, including Iowa which means “Sleepy Ones” and Texas meaning “Ally”
In Samoa, it is acceptable for a family who has too many sons, to raise the youngest boy as a daughter. He is known as a fa’afafine and is given a girl’s name and wears feminine clothing… and is even allowed to use the ladies bathroom
Storm botnet are remotely controlled conputers linked via the Storm Worm (Trojan) and in September 2007 is estimated to control up to 50 million computers. It was potentially more powerful than the world’s super computers
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite
Charlie Chaplin once won 3rd place in a Charlie Chaplin lookalike contest
The kilogram is based on a reference cylinder that was made 118 years ago, and now kept under a glass prison in France
The kilogram cylinder appears to be losing 50 micrograms a year (when compared with the average of dozens of copies), and scientists are now seeking a new definition for the kilogram
Saturn’s moon Titan has more oil and gas than that on earth. There, it rains methane and ethane, which forms massive lakes
Canada has a lower gravitational pull than the USA. This is possibly due to an effect called the “post-glacial” rebound
Racoons eat everything except tomatoes
All mammals can get rabies, but viral reservoirs are found in carnivores (foxes, dogs, cats) and bats
Some mammals with rabies become terrified of water
More people die from dog attacks than from rabies each year
Noone survives from rabies once there are clinical symptoms
Interestingly, there is a theory that contagious yawning can be used to measure someone’s ability to appreciate other people’s mental states (empathy). So autistic people do not yawn in response to videos of people yawning
Yawning is also thought to be a mechanism to wake the brain up when it requires it.
The yak is an amazing animal. It is so efficient in converting food to energy, that it survives on 50% of what other bovines eat daily
The yak breathes less and less per minute the higher up it goes
Dried yak faeces is used as fuel in Tibet
Yak’s milk has a very high fat content and is often made into butter
Skating was invented in Finland according to archeologists over 5000 years ago
Animal bones were used as the first skates
The original zodiac consisted of 18 signs, not twelve
Led Zeppelin deliberately misspelled their first part of their name so people would not mispronounce it
The word Christmas comes from Cristes maesse, or “Christ’s Mass.”  The abbreviation X-mas originated from the word Christ, which in Greek is chi, and also identical to the letter ‘X’
Why on the 25th of December? In the time of Christ, there was a common Jewish belief that the prophets died on the on the same date as their conception. According to certain calculations, Christ was crucified on 25 March, thus signifying His conception. 9 months after 25th March is the 25th December. Others say that the celebration date was set to replace popular pagan winter solstice celebrations
Christmas was only celebrated 440 years after Jesus died
The twelve days of Christmas represent the time it took the wise men to visit the manger of Jesus
The use of evergreen “Christmas” trees during winter celebrations is actually pre-Christian
The first decorated Christmas tree was in Riga, Latvia in 1510
Most artificial trees are manufactured in Korea, Taiwan, or Hong Kong, where Christians are the minority
Teddy Roosevelt banned the Christmas tree from the White House for environmental reasons
English Puritan leader Oliver Cromwell banned Christmas between 1647 and 1660 because he believed such celebrations were immoral for the holiest day of the year
In Australia, the postal service says that approximately 120,000 letters are addressed to Santa yearly
Santa has 2 addresses: Letters addressed to “Toyland” or “Snowland” go to Edinburgh and those to the “North pole” actually go to the North pole
Father Christmas, was based on St. Nicholas who is also the patron saint of pawnbrokers among many of his patronage
3 years after Edison invented the light bulb, he was presented with the first Christmas tree bulbs
Santa’s reindeers took their name from the poem “A visit from St. Nicholas”
Mars chocolate bars were first known as Marathon bars and Starburst were first known as Opal fruits
Snickers which was the Mars companys second product, was named after one of their favourite horses
Snickers is the best selling chocolate worldwide, raking in over US$2 billion annually
A snickers commercial with Mr. T was after claims that it was offensive to gay people. The advertisement featured Mr. T harassing a speed walker saying that he was “a disgrace to the man race”.
Wasp larvae feed on insects while adult wasps feed mainly of fruit and sugar
Wasps live on an annual cycle. Every winter, only fertilized queens survive, leaving all the other wasps to die
The first step in making cocaine is actually soaking the plant in karosene
After periods of warring and especially after victories, Napoleon would send messengers home to tell of his success and to tell his wife not to wash herself until he got home. He apparently liked the sweat
Almost 70% of the world’s zippers are made in Japan. (YKK. Take a look at your zipper now)
Canada has claimed the zipper to be No. 8 on its list of Greatest Canadian Inventions
Zinc is found in oysters
A firefly is a type of beetle
90% of the firefly’s energy is converted to light, whereas only 10% of a light bulb’s energy in converted to light
Some species of fireflies in Malaysia can synchronize their flashes in large groups
The United States has more than double the prison population of any other country. (Over 2.9 million people)
The Faroe Islands has a prison population of 9 inmates. This is because they ship most of them to Denmark, which is much like how England shipped inmates to Australia
In Abu Ghraib, only 3-5% of detainees were caught by the USA. The other 95% were handed in by foreigners for monetary rewards
Women products like the tampon and bikini were actually invented by men
In China, the first tissue paper were thin pieces of wood and bamboo
A rowboat of 8 people can gain enough speed to tow a water skier
In 2006, 2 in 3 mp3 players were iPods
The iPod chip is not produced by Apple. It is from Portal Player
The designer of the iPod, Jonathan Ive, was voted more influential than JK Rowlings
The Queen owned her i-Pod in June 2005
This word was allegedly invented in the 1830’s by a Dublin theater owner named Richard Daly and was a result of a bet where Daly said he could make a nonsensical word known throughout Dublin in 48 hours. This fact is of course disputed.
A good Irish birthday present is to lift the birthday child upside down and gently thump his head on the floor for good luck, corresponding to his age+1
The original Guinness Brewery in Dublin has a 9,000 year lease on it’s property, at a perpetual rate of 45 Irish pounds per year
According to some historians, over 40% of all American presidents have had some Irish ancestry
Muhammad Ali has some Irish blood. His great grandfather was born in Ennis, County Clare
Ireland has the highest ratio of midwives per capita in the world
Snow is a good insulator of heat. 25 cm of snow insulates as well as 15 cm of fibreglass
No 2 snowflakes are identical because this statement is impossible to disprove
Igloos are actually made from a spiral of ice blocks, not rows of ice blocks
The best ice blocks are from snowbanks formed by a single snowstorm, and not from a series of snowstorms which make the ice easy to break
Greenpeace was founded by Canadians to protest against the United States’ nuclear research in Alaska
The origin of this phrase comes from God be with you. It has been shortened over the years since 16th century. Shakespeare used “God be wy you.” The substitution for good for God seems to have been mainly due to the influence of such phrases as ” good day” and ” good night.”
The word Ciao actually means both “hello” and “goodbye” and origianlly meant “servant” in Venetian
Clans of long ago that wanted to get rid of unwanted people without killing them used to burn their houses down — hence the expression “to get fired”
The word “nerd” was first coined by Dr. Seuss in “If I Ran the Zoo.”
Mario, of Super Mario Bros. fame, appeared in the 1981 arcade game, Donkey Kong. His original name was Jumpman, but was changed to Mario to honor the Nintendo of America’s landlord, Mario Segali
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one mile in every five must be straight. These straight sections are usable as airstrips in times of war or other emergencies
In Singapore, some of their highways can be converted to runways by removing potted plants from the median strip
In 2007, a Hokkaido inventor realized different pitches could be created by cutting grooves into roads - the result? Melody roads as you drive on them
Karoke means “empty orchestra” in Japanese
The Tyrannosaurus Rex (T Rex) has a smell centre in its brain the size of an orange. Ours in comparison is as big as a pea
The T Rex had only 2 fingers on each hand that could never reach its mouth
The Tyrannosaurus Rex has jaws (4 feet) longer than its arm (3 feet)
If the T-Rex tripped while running, the fall could possibly kill it
The closest living relative to the T-Rex is the chicken!
“Islam” means “peace through the submission to God”
Arabs only constitute about 20% of Muslims worldwide. Indonesia has the largest concentration of Muslims with over 120 million
The Islamic faith has Hafiz (or “preservers”) that have memorized the Quran text letter for letter from beginning to end, every word and syllable
Muslims all face the Kaaba when they pray, no matter where they are world wide
The inside of the Kaaba is empty
The Dalai lama’s name is Jetsun Jamphel Ngawang Lobsang Yeshe Tenzin Gyatso
The Dalai Lama enjoys collecting and repairing watches
Tenzin became the Head of State of Tibet when he was fifteen
The Dalai Lama Tenzin was one of sixteen children and only one of the five of them to survive past 6
Every seventh year, a Jewish agricultural law prompts fervent Zionists to symbolically “sell” their land to a non-Jew for the year
For most people, their visual short term memory holds a total of 4 images
The sense of smell is most linked to memory
A report in the Jan 2007 issue of Cognition reported that you are more likely to remember events when assuming a body position similar to that struck during the event
New Zealand water has 50% of the world’s dolphines, porpoises and whales
Malcolm X was born Malcolm Little but considered “Little” his slave name and changed it to “X” representing his lost tribal name
When Malcolm X was younger, he bleached his hair red brown, and was known as Big Red and Detroit Red
Malcolm X dropped out of high school
Röntgen the inventor of the X-ray was color blind and never commented on the colors of the fluorescence he observed
X-ray is not invisible but actually “blue grey” in colour
The modern bikini was actually invented by a male French engineer, of all people
The bikini was named after an Atomic bomb testing site at the Bikini Atoll
Kiwifruits are actually from Southern China and not native to New Zealand
Raw kiwi fruits can be used to tenderize meat. It has protein-dissolving enzymes
Italy is the leading kiwi fruit producer in the world
It is actually spelt Monna Lisa, but due to a spelling error, it is now known as Mona Lisa in English
The Mona Lisa is over 500 years old but has no signature or date stamped on it
The Mona Lisa has no price attached to it and is priceless. It is also uninsurable
Mona Lisa has no eyebrows
Napolean kept the Mona Lisa on his bedroom wall
All of NASA’s first 3 Apollo astronauts were killed in a fire during training because of faulty wiring
There was only 30 seconds of fuel remaining, when Apollo 11’s lunar module landed on the moon
During Armstrong’s liftoff from the moon, their launch control broke. Armstrong had to jam a pen into the controls in order to activate the launch
As a traditional sign of peace, Buzz Aldrin planned to leave on the Moon a small gold olive branch, along with an Apollo 1 patch and two Russian cosmonaut medallions in honor of those killed in the space race. He forgot about this until the very last moment, and in haste simply tossed them unceremoniously onto the surface on his way back up the ladder. The astronauts also chucked out their moonboots, backpacks, a sack of garbage and their urine bags
The astronauts had a lot of trouble planting the American flag in the hard lunar soil. Despite their effots, during the lift-off, Buzz watched as the Stars and Stripes indeed “toppled into the dust”
During liftoff, Apollo 12 lost all its contols after being struck by lightning
In Apollo 14, pilot Edgar Mitchell conducted his own extra-sensory perception experiment. The results? The number of correct guesses were reportedly less than would have been obtained by random chance.
There are 1792 steps in the Eiffel tower
Strawberries have more vitamin C than oranges
In a year, an average person walks 4 miles making their bed. (I’m sure this doesnt apply to teenagers who walk an average of 10 meters a year in comparison)
An average American spends 2 years of her life talking on the phone
In the early days of the telephone, operators would pick up a call and use the phrase, “Well, are you there?”. It wasn’t until 1895 that someone suggested answering the phone with the phrase “number please?”
Half of the people in the world have never recieved or made a telephone call
The kiwi bird lays the largest egg in relation to its body size
A one day weather forecast requires about 10 billion math calculations
SCUBA divers cannot pass gas at depths of 33 feet or below
Human tonsils can bounce higher than a rubber ball of similar weight and size, but only for the first 30 minutes after they’ve been removed
Scandinavian berserkers went into “fury” or “berserkergang” not only in battle, but also during laborious work. Source: Fabing, p. 234
The Internal Revenue Service audits 87% of women who claim breast implants as tax deductions
Camel is considered unclean meat in the Bible
The Bible has been translated into Klingon
The Bible was written by over 40 authors over a period of 1500 years
In 1631, two London bible printers accidentally left the word “not” out of the seventh commandment, which then read, “Thou shalt commit adultery.” This legendary book is now known as the “Wicked Bible.”
Over 4,000 chemicals are found in cigarette smoke
Among 1,000 young men who smoke: 1 will be murdered, 6 will die in traffic accidents, 250 will die from smoking-related diseases. Cigarettes are the leading cause of FIRE death in the United States
The earliest recorded case of a man giving up smoking was on April 5, 1679, when Johan Katsu, Sheriff of Turku, Finland, wrote in his diary “I quit smoking tobacco.” He died one month later
After Albert Einstein died, his brain was removed by a pathologist and put in a jar for future study
Albert Einstein was offered the presidency of Israel in 1952 (73 years old), but he declined
Einstein often needed the help of mathematicians to recheck his calculations
Einstein disliked wearing socks, and after the death of his 2nd wife would wear sandals
Einstein said that the hardest thing in the world to understand is income tax
Mr Butts originally named Scrabble “Criss Cross Words.”
The Malaysian version has the highest number of single letters - 18 As
In the Polish version, Z is worth only one point
The highest recorded single word score in English is 392 for CAZIQUES, meaning “native chiefs of West Indian aborigines”
London hosted the first world championship in 1991
The recently released Welsh version has left out the letters X, Q and Z.
The voice of Shrek (by Mike Myers) came from the accent that his mother would use when telling him bedtime stories
Mardi Gras means “Fat Tuesday.”
In Greece, the climate is so warm that many of the cinemas do not even have roofs
he actor playing Barney the purple dinosaur, David Joyner, is originally from Illinois, but moved to Dallas later in his life. A separate actor voiced Barney, Bob West. He is a graduate from Trinity University, named one of the top schools in the nation by US News; and now he’s making funny voices for a living
In Bangladesh after the 9/11, 2001 terrorist attack, Anti-American protestors carried posters of Osama bin Laden sitting alongside Bert. This was because while searching for OBL pictures online, the instigators did not bother to check it prior to printing
The name “Muppet” is a combination of the word “marionette” and “puppet.”
Female platypus has poisonous claws
The echidna share characteristics with many different creatures. They are part bird because they lay eggs, part mammal because they feed their young with milk, part reptile because their legs go out and then down like a lizard, and they lay eggs. They are also part marsupial because they have pouches for their young.
A baby echidna is called a puggle, and is smaller than a jellybean
Echidnas do not have nipples, so a puggle has to prod the skin inside the pouch and lick the milk that comes out
New research says that a glass of alcohol a day increases your risk of colon cancer by 10% (International Journal of Cancer)
In the Philippines around 1500, the Yo-Yo was a weapon. A 4 pnd stone used like a wrecking ball
In Tagalog, it means ‘come-come’ or ‘come back’
Pedro Flores, a Phillipine migrant, was the father of the yo-yo in the United States
California is home to the first mass produced yo-yo
Frank OZ provides the voice of Yoda, also the Cookie Monster, Fozzie Bear and Ms. Piggy
In hibernation the body temperature of bears remains close to normal. Bears also do not urinate while in hibernation. This contrasts with true hibernators, whose temperature drops close to freezing and rouse to urinate
A hibernating bear burns the energy equivalent of 4,000 food calories a day, which is more than the energy some ppl burn each day
The Queen’s real birthday is on April 21, but it is celebrated officially in June
Since 1952, The Queen has conferred over 387,700 honours and awards
Tony Blair is the first Prime Minister to have been born during The Queen’s reign. He was born in early May 1953 - a month before the Coronation
The Queen has opened 15 bridges in the United Kingdom during her reign
The Queen has 30 godchildren
The Queen sat for the first and only hologram portrait in 2003
The Queen sent her first email in 1976 from an Army base
[f. Gk spermologos, gathering seeds; also fig. picking up news, gossiping]
obs. a gatherer of seeds; fig., gossiper (a collector of trivia, according to Trivial Pursuit™)
A shrimps heart is in its head
A rhinoceros horn is made of compacted hair
A pineapple is a berry and was first called “anana”
Christopher Columbus introduced pineapples to Europe
The Ginaca Machine can deshell 100 pineapples a minute
Unlike other fruits that take 3-4 months to grow, pineapples take 18 months!
A notch in a tree will remain the same distance from the ground as the tree grows
The world’s fastest growing tree is the Australian Eucalyptus. It can grow up to 10 metres in one year
More than a million trees are planted each year by squirrels that bury nuts and do not end up eating them
You can tell the age of a tree by counting the number of rings formed within its trunk
A humming bird flaps its wings up to 90 times in one second or over 5000 times a minute
A hummingbird weighs less than a penny
The eyes of hummingbirds are attuned to wavelengths of light outside the visible range that humans see in
he serpent dragons were believed to be the first “dragons”
There are 3 kinds of dragons, serpent dragons, western dragons, eastern dragons. (ok, i know they don’t exist, but hey… its still interesting)
The three wealthiest families in the world have more assets than the combined wealth of the forty-eight poorest nations
Despite what Hollywood claims in the film U-571, the Germans’ wartime Enigma code machine was actually captured by the British 6 months before the USA joined World War 2
When World War II began, the U.S. government declared platinum as a strategic metal and its use in non-military applications, including jewelry was disallowed. To appease consumers who preferred platinum’s white luster, gold was substituted in platinum’s absence
In a poll taken during World War II, Americans rated Jews four times less favorably than Germans or Japanese (both whom they were fighting the war against)
In World War II, Penicillin is said to be “one of the war effort’s highest priorities, second only to development of the atomic bomb.”[Krebs, Brian. "How a Lowly Fungus Saves Human Lives." Washington Post. March 11, 1998.]
The German Super Battleship Bismarck was like the Titanic… it sank on it’s maiden voyage. It was sunk on its first mission after taking out the British navy’s capital ship
At Pearl Harbor, the top US Navy command was called CINCUS (”sink us”), the shoulder patch of the US Army’s 45th Infantry division was the Swastika, and Hitler’s private train was named “Amerika”
Japanese ace pilot Hiroyoshi Nishizawa shot down over 80 planes, but ironically died while a passenger on a cargo plane
The Aleutian island of Kiska proved deadly for both sides. 200 Allied troops were killed by friendly fire while attacking the island, only to realize that the Japanese had abandoned it the night before. As for the Japanese, while abandoning the island, the Japanese Navy thought they were being engaged by Americans and began bombarding the island while their troops were still on it
A bomb dropped by the Allies on Berlin during World War II killed every animal in the Berlin Zoo except the elephant, which escaped and roamed the city. When a Russian commander saw hungry Germans chasing the elephant and trying to kill it, he ordered his troops to protect it and shoot anyone who tried to kill it.
The first German serviceman killed was by the Japanese
The first American serviceman killed was by the Russians. They were allies.
The highest ranking American killed was Lt. Gen. Lesley McNair, killed by the US Army Air Corps
It was a common practice on fighter planes to load every 5th found with a tracer round to aid in aiming. That was a mistake. The tracers had different ballistics so (at long range) if your tracers were hitting the target, 80% of your rounds were missing. Worse yet, the tracers instantly told your enemy he was under fire and from which direction. Worst of all was the practice of loading a string of tracers at the end of the belt to tell you that you were out of ammo. That was definitely not something you wanted to tell the enemy. Units that stopped using tracers saw their success rate nearly double and their loss rate go down.
A number of air crewmen died of farts. (ascending to 20,000 ft. in an un-pressurized aircraft causes intestinal gas to expand 300%!)
When allied armies reached the Rhine, the first thing men did was pee in it.
To defend Port Moresby along the Kokoda Track, Australia sent militia termed the Koalas (not to be shot at, not to be exported and were protected by the Government) instead of special forces (AIF)
Some 30 sec adverts shown during the American NFL Superbowl cost more than full length feature films
Some advertisements have funny translations in Chinese:
A&W’s “That frosty mug sensation” became “Feel like your face is frozen”
American Express’ “Don’t leave home without it” became “Stay home with it”
Budweiser’s “When you say Budweiser, you’ve said it all” became “After Budweiser, you will not be able to speak”
Camel’s “I’d walk a mile for a Camel” translated as “A camel asked me to walk two kilometers”
KFC’s “Finger Licking Good” became “Tastes like human fingers”
Nike’s “Just do it” translates as “Have Sex!”
and finally, Wheaties’ “Breakfast of Champions” is “Breakfast of Mao”
You can start a fire using ice. (think of a magnifying glass)
Gorillas were once considered a mythical creature, like big foot
Gorillas have stomachs that are larger than their chests to fit their enlarged intestines, which digest the bulky fibrous vegetation they consume. True for humans?
A gorilla’s upper body strength is 6 times that of a human
Gorillas’ nose have different shape and wrinkles and are used by researchers to distinguish individual animals in the field
Adult male gorillas have large scent glands in their armpits that produce a pungent odor when excited or stressed. =D
Several hundred to several thousand flamingos are all involved simultaneously with ritualized postures and movements to synchronize breeding
Through slow-motion photography, researchers discovered that these birds pump water through their bills 20 times a second to filter their food which consist of algae, crustaceans and small fish
Flamingos pee on their legs to cool off (unsure)
Flamingos are pink because they eat shrimp (unsure)
There are more plastic flamingos than there are real ones
Pound for pound, hamburgers cost more than some cars
Saddam Hussein donated USD$250,000 to a Detroit Chaldean church and received a key to the city. Chaldeans are a Catholic group in predominantly Muslim Iraq. Later he donated another USD$200,000
Scientists in Dublin have found traces of cocaine on 100% of the Irish banknotes they tested
If you have 3 quarters, 4 dimes, and 4 pennies, you have $1.19. You also have the largest amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar
The numbers ‘172′ can be found on the back of the U.S. $5 dollar bill in the bushes at the base of the Lincoln Memorial
On the old Canadian 2 dollar bill,the flag flying over the Parliament Building is NOT an American flag.Thanx Doug B. and Dwain
When race horses die, most of their body parts are discarded. Only their head, heart, and feet are burried. This was to symbolize intelligence, courage and strength. The only racehorse to have been buried whole was the greatest thoroughbred named Man O’ War
Man O’ War was the greatest racehorse. It won 20 of 21 races over 2 years. In it’s only loss, it was still circling with it’s back to the starting line when the flag was dropped. But despite this, it still managed to finish second
A horse can sleep standing up
A Horse has 18 more bones than a Human
A recent study found that a horse’s heart rate mirrors those of the people touching them
There are 4,300 known species of ladybugs in the world
The Giant cricket of Africa enjoys eating human hair
Total UK personal debt has exceeded £1 ¼ trillion and at the end of November 2006 it stood at £1,278bn
Ice cream was originally made without sugar and eggs
The fortune cookie was invented in 1916 by George Jung, a Los Angeles noodlemaker
In a lifetime, you and I will have grown over 590 miles of hair
The telegraph plant of Asia has leaves that flutter constantly, even when there is no breeze
Orchids are grown from seeds so small that it would take 30,000 seeds to weigh as much as one grain of wheat
Honey is the only food that will not spoil because it is hydroscopic, and kills bacteria by sucking water out from them
Honey is better than commercial syrups in helping children battle the cough at night
Honey has also been found in the tombs of egyptian pharoahs
A banana tree isn’t really a tree. It is a herb
The banana itself isn’t really a fruit, but a berry
The flower of a banana plant is called a diamond
Tablecloths were originally meant to serve as towels with which guests could wipe their hands and faces after dinner
The word avocado comes from the Spanish word, aguacate, which in turn is derived from the Aztec word ahuacatl, meaning testicle
Vanilla derives its name from the Latin word for vagina
Gymnasium comes from the Greek word gymnazein which means to “exercise naked.”
Without Dr. Howard Florey, Dr. Alexander Flemming might never have been credited with the discovery of penicillin, as it was Florey who supplied Flemming with a working dose of penicillin
Of the first 3 patients who received penicillin, only 1 survived. That is a 60% mortality rate
The can opener was only invented 50 years after the invention of the can. The first can was made of solid iron, the weighed more than the food. Instructions read:  “Cut round the top near the outer edge with a chisel and hammer.” Only after cans switched to steel cans was the can opener invented. Talk about necessity…
A chameleon’s tongue is twice the length of its body.
Zero point energy is a source of energy which is released when atoms stop moving, at -273 Celcius. Impossible?
Zebras are not black with white stripes, but are actually white with black stripes, coz if any of you animal lovers happen to stare at it’s butt, you’ll notice that the black stripes end there. (Care to look??) thanx Haux Bum
The term Y2K was invented by David Eddie in June 1995 through the email
It was so feared that Clinton signed the Y2K Act in 1999 to limit the government’s liability
1 in 10 people in the US believed that there will be another depression, that financial markets will collapse, that the national infrastructure will be crippled, and that martial law will be declared in some local areas. from Newsweek May4, 1998 p62
In making coding “Y2K complaint”, new errors are introduced at an average rate of one new error in every 14 lines of re-written code
Xylophones(Greek xylon,”wood”; phone,”sound”) were actually developed in South East Asia in the 14th century. Thanx Gwynovere C
The words racecar, kayak, level and Navy Van are the same whether they are read left to right or right to left, and these are called palindromes. The longest palindromes in the dictionary however are the words ‘Malayalam”rotavator’ ‘redivider’. Now check these out. ‘A man a plan a canal panama’. ‘Ten animals i slam in a net’thanx seraph, mashkur, hannah b, marky and jay, jelly baby king
“Almost” is the longest word in alphabetical order
Blue and fin whales can create the loudest sound by animals ever recorded; sounds that have more energy than jet plane noise
It has been calculated that a single breath from a mature blue whale can inflate up to 2000 balloons
Humpback whales are the only ones that use bubbles to help capture their prey. The bubbles trap fish in a spot for feeding whales
Fin whales are the second largest animal ever to live on earth. They have been measured to over 80 feet long in Antarctic waters
The blue whale has a heart the size of a small car and its blood vessal is so broad, that a person could swim through it
The beluga whale ‘hears’ sound with its lower fat-filled jaw bone, which conducts sound into the middle ear
Windmills always turn counter-clockwise except in Ireland. This is of course widely disputed because it should be based on the design of the blades
Hot water weighs less than cold water for a given volume.Thanx Tony W
There are more than 326 million trillion gallons of water on Earth
If hot water is suddenly poured into a glass that glass is more apt to break if it is thick than if it is thin. This is why test tubes are made of thin glass
If a glass of distilled water is microwaved, and then taken out upon which an additive is added, it will explode
A whip makes a cracking sound because its tip moves faster than the speed of sound
Women blink nearly twice as much as men
Women can hear better than men
On average, women say 7000 words a day. Men manage only a quiet 2000 words
Among many women inventions, include: the windshield wiper, the dishwasher, the Maritime signal flares, and the kevlar armor vest!
10% of human dry weight comes from bacteria
An office desk contains over 200 times more bacteria than a toilet
Over 10,000 birds a year die from smashing into windows
Windows were invented to allow man to look through walls
A volcano can shoot its debris as high as 50km into the sky
Venus is the only planet in the solar system to spin backwards (clockwise). But really cares?
Laid end-to-end, the arteries, capillaries and veins would stretch for about 60,000 miles in the average child and would be about 100,000 miles in an adult - enough to wrap around the world nearly four times.
Uranus was originally called Georgium Sidium, in honour of King George III of Britain
Uranus’ axis is at 97 degrees. which means that it orbits on its side. (Most of the planets spin on an axis nearly perpendicular to the plane of the ecliptic but Uranus’ axis is almost parallel to the ecliptic.)
Summer on Uranus lasts for 21 years
The Taj Mahal in India is perfectly symetrical, except for one thing. The two tombs inside are not equal in size. This is because the male tomb has to be larger than the female tomb
The minarets ofthe Taj Mahal in India are angled at 88 degrees outwards so that they would not collapse into the structure should an earthquake occur
Did you know that in Tibet there is actually a practice called ‘polyandry’ where many men, usually brothers, marry a single woman? This takes place so that only one set of children will inherit the land. (*snicker* The excuses they come up with)
Turkeys can reproduce without having sex. It’s called parthenogenesis
Native Americans didn’t actually eat turkey; killing such a timid bird was thought to indicate laziness
Only male turkeys gobble
Toothbrushes should be kept 6 feet away from the toilet to avoid being contaminated by airborne stuff stirred up after flushing
Did you know a tuna called the ‘Blue Fin’ tuna can be sold for over $20,000 around the world?
The “sixth sick sheik’s sixth sheep’s sick” is said to be the toughest tongue twister in the English language.(honestly, who think these things up?)
Some reconstituted tobacco contains the same ingredients found in fart. (Go figure)Thanx Emir
In turtles, the colon(intestine) is also used for respiration, as it takes in oxygen. Thats how they stay underwater for so long
Studies by the University of Florida show that baby turtles are carnivorous, eating jellyfish and other sea creatures but turn to seagrass later in life. Just like many friends you already know (Scientific American Dec 2007)
The average life expectancy of a toilet is 50 years. (then what?)
The first toilet being flushed in a motion picture was in the movie Psycho
Every day, over five billion gallons of water are flushed down toilets in the United States
The appliance that uses the most use of water in the home is the toilet
The first ever “World Summit on Toilets” was held in Singapore in November 2001
There is an estimated 1 public toilet per 10000 person in London
In most comic strips and magazine advertisments, the time on the clock is 10:10
The tiger is the largest member of the cat family. (One guy in “Who wants to be a millionaire” got this one wrong. So soak it in.)
It is impossible to get water out of a rimless tyre. (If any of you are acutally that free.., try confirming this one.)Thanx Nat
The telescope on Mount Palomar, California, can see a distance of 7,038,835,200,000,000,000,000 miles
NASA’s GLAST main telescope weighs 3 tons but uses less than 1/2 the power of a hair dryer
Franz Ferdinand was killed.. remember that the guys death partly caused the World War I (WWI). Anyway, his death was almost unavoidable. After an attempted assasination using a bomb failed, (because the bomb hit the rear mud flap of the car Ferdinand was in and bounced away) authorities decided to change the route of Ferdinands tour… but failed to inform the driver of the car. And so, unfortunately, at one stage, the driver took a wrong turn. While reversing, the car stalled and gears locked, and Princip (who had actually given up and was eating a sandwich) came and shot Ferdinand and his wife at a distance of 4-5 feet killing them. Ferdinand brought his wife to Serejavo to celebrate their anniversary. (And you thought you had a bad day). Gavrilo Princip tried to swallow cyanide, but vomitted up the past-date poison and was caught by police
When the German army invaded France in World War I, they actually followed the schedules of the local trains to invade (it was faster by rail and they wanted to surprise France), checking the timetable and abiding by it. And France, whose army was waiting at the border, sent taxis to pick up and transport the troops to counter the attack!
Germany’s devised the Schlieffen Plan in order to avoid a war on two fronts. It was so badly made that they ended up fighting both fronts anyway.
Britian’s empire was so big during WWI that the sun was always shining over it.
The Red Baron was the single biggest threat to allied airplanes. He was killed by 2 Canadian pilots, one of whose poor flying skills made him unpredictable.
France lost more people than Britain and Germany
After WWI, Germany was forced to replace cows that were lost during the war
During World War 1, Hitler was a messanger in the Bavarian army
TYPEWRITER, is one of the longest words that can be made using the letters only one row of the keyboard
Like fingerprints, everyone’s tongue print is different
The tongue is the fastest healing part of the body
The world’s termites outweigh the world’s humans 10 to 1
A well-established termite colony ~ 60,000 members will eat only about 1/5 of an ounce of wood a day.
St. Teresa of Avila is the patron saint of chess-players
In Shakespeare, Rosalind, the heroine of “As You Like It”, has more lines than any of Shakespeare’s female characters. Cleopatra comes in second with 670 lines and third place belongs to Imogen (”Cymbeline”), with 591 lines
It is believed that Shakespeare was 46 around the time that the King James Version of the Bible was written. In Psalms 46, the 46th word from the first word is shake and the 46th word from the last word is spear
There is a flower called the Scarlet Pimpernel that can forecast the weather. If the flower is closed up, rain is coming and if it is opened up, the day will be sunny.It is a.k.a ‘the poor man’s weatherglass’
A snail can sleep for three years
A snail can actually glide over the sharp edge of a knife or razor without harming itself. This has something to do with the mucus it produces
A garden snail has thousands of tiny teeth located on a ribbon like tongue and work like a file and rip the food to bits
Snails can gnaw through limestone.They eat the little bits of chalk in the rock which they need for their shells
As a snail grows its shell grows too
They can mate when they are about one year old. This is odd because a snail is both male and female (hermaphrodite). However the snails need to exchange sperms with each other to fertilize an egg
Some snails can live up to 15 years
A sneeze travels out your mouth at over 100 m.p.h. The highest recorded “sneeze speed” is 165 km per hour
You cannot sneeze with your eyes open
Sunlight makes people sneeze. Why?
Male seagulls have red legs. (From National Geographic)
In every episode of TV’s Seinfeld, there is a Superman somewhere in at least one scene. (There’s plastic figurine on the shelf in the dining area, and a magnetic Superman on the fridge!)
A giant squid has eyes that can grow up to 20 inches in diameter. (That’s as big as your computer screen)Thanx Beth
A squid can grow from a single cell to 50 pounds in under 1 year
Squids can eat 10% of the own body weight every day
The collosal squid has claws on its arms that are as big as tiger claws and can rotate 180 degrees
Some squids can attack at speeds of up to 20 mph
Some male squids can “cross dress” to look like a female in order to get close enough to mate with one
Shirley Temple always has 56 curls in her hair. (talk about uptight). Thanx Gwynovere C
The average person swallows one liter of snot every day. This is from the MN Science Museum. (and i bet you downed a few reading all this. hahaha) Thanx a girl named Ryan
Soybean actually has Diadzein and genistein that act like weak estrogen
The Sea of tranquility is found on the moon
The sea contains about 1/2 of the world’s known animal groups
The Sargasso sea is the only sea without a coastline
In the Simpsons series, Homer has said 3267 “Doh!”
Scarecrows frighten birds because of the human odor emitted from the clothes they wear. Come rain and wind, this odor dissapears. (tip for people who dont bathe often)
Each day, there are over 120 million sexual intercourses taking place all over the world.thanx kim (Now dont you feel more contented each night before you go to sleep ALONE)
In a study conducted of university students, at any given time during a lecture, 20% are thinking about what to eat, 20% are listening, 20% are thinking about sex and 40% mischellaneous thoughts. Very encouraging for lecturers. (unsure) Thanx Karol
The first couple shown in bed together on prime time TV were the Flintstones
On average, people spend 2 weeks of their lives kissing
A study of 2,500 men aged 49 to 54 found that having an orgasm at least three times a week cut in half the likelihood of death from coronary heart disease
When a person dies, hearing is the last sense to go. First off would be your sight
The salute of uniform bodies (eg. army, police) originated from knights who lifted their visors to show their face to a royalty
When you put a seashell to your ear, the sound you hear is not the waves, but actually the echo of the blood pulsing in your own ear
The fact that there are so many types of shells is because there are between 50 to 200,000 kinds of mollusks. The shells are created based on the different species, the habitat and the lifestyle of their owners. Smooth shells are good for moving through water while bumpy shells make it three dimentional and helps camouflage the mollusks.
It is impossible for a solar eclipse to last for more than 7 minutes 58 seconds
There is an interesting phenomenon that occurs just before an eclipse called ’shadow bands’. If you place several square feet of white paper on the ground, you can see ripples of shadows dancing on the paper. This varies from eclipse to eclipse and the amazing fact is that it is the sun causing this.
All the coal, oil, gas, and wood on Earth would only keep the Sun burning for a few days
An area of the Sun’s surface the size of a postage stamp shines with the power of 1,500,000 candles
The sun’s average period of rotation is 27 days. (as if you’d care)
Sharks are attracted to anything below 40Hz
Some sharks have Nictolinid membranes as eyelids which closes when it bites its prey
Their jaws can extend forward
Sharks lose more than 6000 teeth a year and can be replaced within 24 hours
Their bites have exerts a pressure of 42 000 pounds per square inch just like humans
The wierdest thing found in a shark was a medival armour
The Nurse shark has the suction power of 12 vacuum cleaners for sucking out shell fishes
1/4 million gallons of water passes through the gills of a whale shark in an hour
When sharks are overturned, their sensors are over stimulated and they enter tonic immobility
Goblin sharks have beak noses
Epolet sharks are small and walk on the ocean floor
Bull sharks can survive extremely well in fresh water
Nurse sharks mate by biting the fins and overturning the mates. This however cuts of the oxygen supply of a shark and courtship has to be done quickly
Females can excrete the male sperms if they are already fullgu
Sharks have 2 sex organs (males)
30% of eggs are egg sacks on the ocean floors which are leathery
Sharks have enlarged livers filled with 18 gallons of an oil lighter than water to give the shark bouyancy. Some of them simply gulp air to stay on the upper levels of the sea
Stingrays are a branch off from sharks
Dermatenticles are the teeth on the sharks body which gives it streamline
Hammerheads seem to follow lava flows and happen to congregate around volcanic peaks. They seem to be following the magnetic field emmited by the lava streams
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.(sometimes before they take a bite out of something)
For most shark species, females grow around 25% larger than males
The spined pygmy shark has dense photophores covering its ventral surface but little or none on its sides or top of the body. This bioluminescent pattern has been described as “photophore countershading”. On a moonlit night, fish swimming through the water would normally produce a shadow that predators would see. The glowing underside of the spined pygmy shark reduces or eliminates this shadow, making it less conspicuous to predators
Sharks must constantly swim in order to breathe. They cannot forcibly create a vacum to suck water into their mouth and pass it through their gills like other fish, so must resort to ‘netting’ the water with their ever moving mouth. Sharks also have a low blood pressure. The walls of the pericardium (the membranous sacs that enclose the heart) are rigid, creating a suction within the pericardium to maintain the flow of blood. To circulate blood throughout their bodies, many sharks must swim continuously
The eye has a layer of reflecting plates called tapetum lucidum behind the retina. These plates act as mirrors to reflect light back through the retina a second time. The tapetum lucidum of a shark is twice as effective as that of a cat. In bright light, pigments temporarily cover and block the tapetum to prevent eye damage from intense light
Sharks have an acute sense of smell. They are well-known for their ability to detect minute quantities of substances such as blood in the water. Sharks can detect a concentration as low as one part per billion of some chemicals, such as certain amino acids. A shark’s sense of smell functions up to hundreds of meters away from a source
If a shark eats something terribly upsetting, some species can force their stomach out through their mouth and into the water to empty it out
Sharks have tongues. However, they are called ‘basihyal’ and are short stout cartilagenous points in their mouth.
On average, people fear spiders more than they do death
A strand of spider web may be stronger than an equal diameter of steel
The “Daddy long legs” spider has venom that is used as a defensive mechanism. Even can sometimes puncture human skin, but its venom isn’t as potent as other spiders
Tarantulas have retractable claws like cats and the hairs on their abdomen and back legs can stick into an enemy and itch. They also get bald on their thorax when they get old. Thanx Laura
Male tarantulas usually only abandon their burrow in search of a female and this migration actually signals the end of their life cycle. The males mate with as many females as they can, and then they die
Spiders recycle their webbing, so a spider that gets stuck in its own web may eat its way out
There is a member of the spider family called the demodex folliculorum that lives at the root of people’s eye lashes. It’s harmless and normal.(so they claim) To look for them, grab a handful of your eyelashes and dunk them in warm water. They’ll start swimming out. It is prevalent in nearly 100% of old people in the U.S.
A young lady named Ellen Church convinced Boeing Air Transport that her nursing skills and love of flying would qualify her to assist with the passengers and emergencies. She became the first known stewardess
Stewardesses is the longest word typed with only the left hand.
Skin is thickest, 1/5 inch, on the upper back. It is thinnest on the eyelids, which is only 1/50th inch thick
Your skin weighs about 3.2kg (of course some weigh more)
Your skin sheds 50,000 cells every minute. [Discover mag 2/07]
Skin tone is made up of only 4 hues: All skin start off white. Blood vessels add a blush of red. A yellow pigment also tints the canvas. Lastly, sepia-toned melanin appears black in large amounts. The mix of these 4 hues create all skin colours
Sting was a high school teacher
Dall’s porpoise never sleeps, and a porpoise swims slowly in a circle as it sleeps. (maybe that’s why some say it doesn’t sleep)
Elephants sleep two hours a day, horses nap standing up, and Sitatunga antelopes can sleep submerged
Your body releases growth hormones when you sleep
1.7 litres of saliva is produced each day. In Discovery Channel, it’s a quart
The starfish is one of the only animals who can turn its stomach inside-out. They also don’t have brains. (See the connection?)
Slugs have 4 noses
Every time you lick a stamp, you’re consuming 1/10 of a calorie
The sloth (a mammal) moves so slowly that green algae can grow undisturbed on its fur
Scorpions can be killed by pouring vinegar over them. They’ll ’snap’ and sting themself
Scorpion venom is also a rarer cause of pancreatitis
Snakes have two sex organs… in case one drops off in their fervent attempt to trick females into mating
A snake uses its tongue to “sniff” the surrounding air
Rats cannot vomit
Most rats have poor vision, but they make up for it with their whiskers. They use the long hairs, also called “vibrissae,” by feeling objects and forming a mental picture of their surroundings
Rats can go without water longer than camels in their environment
Rain falls at 11kmph (7mph)
The Ribbon worm will start eating itself to avoid starvation
Rice and some other grains contain chemicals that can enhance brain functions
Rubberbands last longer when refregerated
Male feral rabbits urinate on the females to state their ownership
Female rabbits on the other hand, reabsorb their embryo for the proteins
The gender of Reptiles are determined not by the sex genes, but by the temperature in which the egg is incubated. A certain temperature will produce a male and vice versa for a female
The worlds fastest reptile (measured on land) is the spiny-tailed iguana of Costa Rica.  It has been clocked at 21.7 mph
Mary Queen of Scots was a skilful billiards player
Most people know what pH means, but few people know that it stands for pondus hydrogenii which means potential hydrogen and that each unit is a phidron. Thanx Pramesh H
Pearls can melt/dissolve in vinegar
Prey like buffalos react poorly to slow movements. That’s why in Animal Kingdom, crocodiles can swim slowly over to them without them scuttering off
POSSLQ in a census form means “Person of opposite sex sharing living Quarters” (this is totally random, even for this website)
Polar bears are left handed (unsure)
The hair on a polar bear is not white, but clear. They reflect light, so they appear white
Pregnant polar bears will not eat for several months while resting in their dens under the snow. Thanx Tony W
The Pacific Ocean was named by Magellen because it was calmer than the Atlantic
Prague consumes 3 times more beer than all the soft drinks combined
When potatoes were brought from South America over to Spain, it took about 200 years before it was recognized as food. (Now they can’t get their hands off it. Go figure.)
Penguins are not found in the North Pole
Pears ripen from the inside out, and according to a survey on the lifestyle channel, men prefer hard pears while women prefer soft pears
The male praying mantis cannot copulate while its head is attached to its body. The female initiates sex by ripping the male’s head off
Is the only insect that can turn its head 360 degrees
In ancient Egypt, priests plucked EVERY hair from their bodies, including their eyebrows and eyelashes
The heart was the only organ of the body that was not removed while mummifying, because they believed that after you died, it was your heart that was weighed against a feather to reveal your character
A Pharaoh would have slaves stand naked in honey to keep the flies away
Egyptians were the first to use anesthesia and the first to set broken bones. They invented the potter’s wheel, the scissors, toothpaste, the key, clock, metal pipes and even the calendar
For contraceptives they used crocodile dung
Some people killed themselves with an asp because it was believed that those who died from a snakebite would receive immortality
If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproductiion
Rice was an ingredient used in making the foundations of the Great Wall of China
In China, there are over 50 different ethnic groups including Mongols and Manchurians
China has had a government since 1766 B.C., and it one of the oldest institutions in the world
Shanghai is the biggest city in the world, holding almost 16 million people
China is the largest producer of hydroelectric power in the world, with reserves of over 680 Million Kilowatts
China has a “one-child” policy where couples will need to pay fees to have more than one child
Chinese families often have nicknames for members at home such as Niu (cow), Tu (rabbit) and Xiong (bear) so that evil spirits are not attracted to the child
Although China covers over 9 million kms, it only has one timezone. As such, people in the west only get daylight at 9am in the morning
In the 1960’s, the US spent millions developing a zero gravity pen for use in space, and the Russians…., they used pencils.
Porcupines float in water. (Who would’ve thought.)
Pigeons can be killed by feeding them uncooked rice, either because their stomach cannot handle the carbohydrate or that it swells in their throats and chokes them. There is however, no head popping. thanx 8=o and udaman
Pigeon poo was actually very valuable in 16th century England. Armed guards would protect dovecotes (pigeon houses) to prevent thievery. It was a big source or fertilizer and gunpowder
In World War I and II, pigeons were released from battleships in the event of a U-boat attack
A pigeon named G.I. Joe saved thousands of English soldiers trapped in a town
A pigeon’s navigational system is a mystery, but the Oxford University concluded that they probably use roads and freeways as markers
The pigeon is the only non-mammal to pass the ‘mirror test’ (recognize own reflection) and can also recognise all 26 letters of the English language as well as being able to conceptualise
Reuters, started its European business in 1850 by using 45 trained homing pigeons
An Octopus has 3 hearts!
It is not true that under extreme stress, some octopuses will eat their own arms. This is autophagy and is more likely due to a virus
Ok food fans! Whats in an oxtail soup? “Oxen tails!” i hear you say…well, wrong. Try beef cattle. (unsure)
An ostrich’s eye is bigger than its brain
Ostriches stick their heads into the sand to find underground drinking water
Ostriches can only kick forward
The Ostrich people in Africa are a group of people who have only 2 toes due to inbreeding (From Ripley’s believe it or not)
In a study of over 200,000 ostriches over 80 years, noone has ever seen an ostrich bury its head in the sand
An oyster can change its sex once every seven days. (This may have some phychological implications)
Male pigs secrete pheromones in their saliva that induces females to assume the mating stance
The eggs from the ovaris of a pig, when shot into another animal, can sterelise it, making it impotent
In the early stages of development, and pig’s embroyo is similar to that of a human’s
A pig’s orgasm lasts for 30 minutes
Pigs cannot sweat because they don’t have sweat glands. Instead, they roll around in mud to keep cool
In 1386, a pig was executed by public hanging for the murder of a child
Would you believe that pigs are smarter than dogs? On the human intelligence scale, pigs are third removed from humans, while dogs are 13th removed, and only primates and dolphines are smarter than pigs. They are quick one time learners, and some learn by watching others
A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for 69 years
You can effectively stop hiccups by holding your breath for 30 seconds. If you hiccup while attempting this, you will need to breathe in and start again
Despite the many rat infested slums in New York City, only 311 people are bitten by rats in an average year. But 1,519 residents are bitten annually by other New Yorkers (Unsure but grabbed this and a few more from humourplanet. Apparently true)
Your nose smells best when you are about 10 years old
Your nostrils take turns inhaling. You breathe through one for about 3-4 hours then switch to the other one. THIS IS TAKEN FROM THE GROSSOLOGY EXHIBITION: THE SCIENCE OF THE HUMAN BODY
Nobel, actually invented dynamite, (Dynamite no.1 and Ballistite) but when he saw the destruction it caused, he decided to do something benevolent with all the money he made. Hence the Nobel Prize. Thanx ‘a girl named Ryan’
It is impossible for anyone to verbally count up to the number 1 trillion (just try it..hehehe)
The numbers 111 222 333 444 555 666 777 888 999 are all multiples of 37. Thanx liz chell
A googol is a number 1 followed by 100 zeros
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
The bridge across the Niagara Falls began with a kite carrying a line across it
It is estimated that the Niagara Falls pour over 5.7 million litres of water a second
It takes only 3 minutes for the yearly consumption of coca-cola in the UK to go over the Niagara Falls
The entire worlds output of urine takes about 45 minutes to go over the Niagra falls
In certain types of liver diseases, urine becomes dark yellow
A medicine called Rifampacin can turn urine bright orange
A medicine called Propofol can turn urine green
Neck ties were first worn in Croatia
A teaspoon of neutron star material weighs about 110 million tons
A Red Giant(a kind of exploded star) has a lower density than any vacuum here on earth
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails
Monosodium glutamate can be found in mushrooms thanx liz chell, tomatoes and meat
MSG is safe to consume, and is essentially made of only water, sodium and glutamate. It contains only 1/3 the amount of sodium found in table salt, and can reduce salt intake in recipes
A mule is a crossbreed between a male donkey and a female horse. A hinnie is yada yada a female donkey and a male horse
Mules are genetically sterile. i.e. they cannot reproduce. (however, there has been a first)
All mammals have tongues
Water based mammals like dolphins and whales swish their tails up and down. Only fish move them sideways
The metric system was to blame for the loss of the Mars Climate orbiter.
Every year, the moon moves 3.82 cm away from the Earth
The moon actually has mirrors on it. They were left there by astronauts who wanted to bounce laser beams off them, so that the distance to the moon can be measured
During his entire lifetime, Herman Melville’s timeless classic of the sea, ‘Moby Dick’, only sold 50 copies.
According to Bristol zoo, the Howler monkey’s growl is so loud, it can be heard 5km (3.3 miles) away
A mole can dig about 92 metres in 1 night
The kissing under the missletoe tradition originated from the Druids.Thanx Shawna
The “save” icon on Microsoft Word shows a floppy disk, with the shutter on backwards. Thanx Gwynovere C.
Some Microsoft programmers who left the company went on to become a cattle rancher, the creator of the Cabbage Patch Dolls, a “professional volunteer” and the founder of a software company
More Monopoly is printed yearly than real money throughout the United States treasury
You can only tell the gender of a Macaw through an operation. They lack exterior genetials.
The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket
As much as 80% of microwaves from mobile phones are absorbed by YOUR HEAD!
The magnetic North Pole shifts by about 7 meters a day
Penguins are not found in the North Pole
You cannot catch a cold at either of the poles as it is too cold for microbes to exist there
Only female mosquitoes bite. Males only drink water and plant juice. (and this is true for many species…)
A mosquito will become restless and start flying around if there is an increase of carbon dioxide in the surrounding air
It would take 1,120,000 mosquito bites to drain the average human of blood
Mosquito repellents dont really repel mozzies. They actually block the sensory pores and makes the mozzies think they’re flying to a colder, dryer, more CO2 free area. VIOLA! No bites Thanx Davina
You are more likely to be bitten by mosquitoes if you eat a lot of bananas
A day on the planet Mercury is twice as long as its year.
Marilyn Monroe’s real name is Norma Jean. (after all this time…)
A movie reel containing a footage of Marilyn Monroe doing explicits was sold at an auction for $1.5 million, unlike her contemporary counterpart Paris.
She NEVER had 6 toes on either foot. The misconception was because of a photograph at the beach
A McDonald’s straw will hold 7.7 ml, or just over one-and-a-half teaspoons of whatever you are drinking
McDonald’s sell more than 1/3 of all the French fries sold in America
McDonald stores in Isreal are the only ones in the world not to sell cheeseburgers
Sweden has the only ski-through McDonald’s outlet. That is a fun fact
Ronald McDonald was created by a weatherman
You can test for a two way mirror by putting your fingernail on the surface, if there’s space between the tip and the image, then its a normal mirror, if not, its two way
Only 6 animals in the world can recognize its own reflection
A male emperor moth can detect and find a female of his species up to 7 miles away
Michael Jordan has more money from Nike annually than all of the Nike factory workers in Malaysia combined
Michael Jordan was initially reknown for his baseball skills
At first, Jordan failed to make the varsity basketball team at his Wilmington’s Laney High school
Michael grew 4 inches (11 cm) in 1 year to make the varsity squad
Michael Jordan retired from basketball twice
Jordan scored 32,292 in his basketball career
He appeared in the 2004 movie Supersize Me
He has a tattoo of the Greek letter ‘Omega’ over his heart, representing Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Incorporated, of which he is a member
The most common name in the world is Mohammed
The name Wendy was made up for the book ‘Peter Pan’. It came from the author’s friends, whom he called his “fwendy” (friend) Thanx ‘a girl named Ryan’
A Manatee (Dugong) has very slow-clotting blood, and it is this blood property that makes it important in studying haemophilia (a blood clotting disorder in humans)
If you were at 0° latitude and 0° longtitude, you would be standing in the Atlantic Ocean (thought some of you would like to know this)
Lightning bolts can sometimes be hotter than the sun. (about 50 000º F)
Los Angeles was formerly known as El Pueblo de Nuestra Señora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciúncula or The Town of Our Lady the Queen of Angels of the Little Portion although its official name was simply El Pueblo de la Reina de Los Angeles.Thanx Beth
Head lice actually prefer to live on clean heads, not dirty ones
The “London Bridge” is now in Arizona in the U.S.A. This fat cat(rich guy) bought it for only $2.46 million dollars.Click here Thanx Allen A.
More than 92 465 people that did the death test in www.thespark.com claimed they had leprosy. (everybody’s a joker)
A person who is lost in the woods and starving can obtain nourishment by chewing on his shoes. Leather has enough nutritional value to sustain life for a short time
There ARE clocks in Las Vegas gambling casinos.Thanx CPPnz and udamann (who lived there for 5 years)
To prevent some numbers from occurring more frequently than others, dice used in crap games in Las Vegas are manufactured to a tolerance of 0.0002 inches, less than 1/17 the thickness of a human hair.
Leonardo Da Vinci could also draw with one hand and write with the other
He ALSO wrote his notes backwards, going from right to left, just as a mental exercise.Thanx De Composed
He was the first to record that the number of rings in the tree trunk revealed its age and that the width between the rings indicated the annual moisture
The right lung is slightly larger than the left
If you spread out the surface area of the lung, it would fit a tennis court
If a person has two thirds of their liver removed through trauma or surgery, it will grow back to the original size in four weeks time
Chicken liver can be used to change A type blood to O type blood
Over 2500 left handed people a year are killed from using products made for right handed people. “left” in Latin is “sinister” and “right” is “dexter”. Ambidextrous simply means “both right”. Don’t believe me?.Thanx De Composed
Men are more likely to be left-handed(10%) than females(8%)
An average secretary’s left hand does 56% of the typing
Koalas have twin thumbs
A Koala also has finger prints that are almost identical to ours
Okay, ketchup actually began in Thailand. There it was labelled “Kachiap”. (Funky? I think not. Try their sweet chicken sauce. Thumbs up.)
4 tablespoons of ketchup has about the same amount of nutrition as a ripe tomato
Sweden is the largest spender on ketchup. $4 per capita. Australia is second at $2.50
The 57 on Heinz ketchup bottles was chosen because it has significant meaning for its creator an his wife
A “jiffy” is actually a proper time unit for 1/100th of a second
Joan of Arc was actually burned alive as a witch in 1431, and only considered a saint in the 20th century. (Them folks must be pissed to hear that)
A jellyfish is 95 percent water, and humans around 70%
Jellyfish as a species are actually older than dinosaurs and sharks
The world’s largest jellyfish has tentacles reaching half a football field
The upside-down jellyfish is actually more like a like a plant. In the Tentacle region, there is something called zooanthalle which allows them to make food from light energy
Jellyfish squirt water jets to propel themselves forward. They do not drift or swim
Jellyfish is able to reproduce both sexually and asexually during different parts of their life cycles
In Scotland, Irn-Bru is a soft drink that is more popular than Coca-Cola. When McDonalds opened in Glasgow and did not sell Irn-Bru, it was considered an insult, and the restaurant was subsequently boycotted
Scotland paid £125,000 for advertisers to come up with the tourist slogan, “Welcome to Scotland”
According to the United States Department of Agriculture, the best time to spray household insects is 4:00 p.m. Insects are most vulnerable at this time. (It’s just like its better to water your plants in the early mornings or the evenings)
An insect exerts so much energy in one hour of flying that it may lose as much as a third of its total body weight
In rural areas, there are more insects in 1 square mile than there are humans on earth
When the temperature drops, the eyesight reaction time of insects (like the dragonfly and some animals like tortoises) decrease and thats why they can be caught early in the morning or at night by predators like birds whose eyesight reaction times are unaffected by temperature. (from Animal Planet)
Food passes through the small intestine in just two hours, zipping along at 0.002 mph. Inside the large intestine, it takes about 14 hours, traveling at a more leisurely rate of 0.00007 mph
Hyenas can comsume prey carrying anthrax without contracting the disease itself
The female spotted hyena (Crocuta crocuta) has a ‘penis’. Thanx Z Kirsch
A hippopotamus can open its mouth wide enough to fit a 4 foot tall child inside
Hippopotami kill more people in Africa when compared to crocodiles
During the warm summer days, hippos secrete a reddish, oily fluid, called pink sweat, which acts as a skin conditioner to keep their skin moist
Despite resembling pigs, or even a fat deer, the hippopotami’s closest living relatives are actually whales and porpoises
Warner Communications paid $28 million for the copyright to the song “Happy Birthday”
A “hairbreadth away” is 1/48 of an inch
The Honda Accord has the highest stolen rate in the US according to NCIB. thanx jon cook
The founder of Honda, Soichiro Honda, actually tried to sell his new piston design to Toyota in 1938, before finally starting his own company after World War II
Honda was the first company to build a robot (ASIMO) that could walk up and down stairs
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood as far as 30 feet
In a year, your heart can beat up to 40 000 000 times! Thanx eric c
85% of men who die of heartattacks during intercourse, are found to have been cheating on their wives. (I’m sure it can’t be true, but what the hell)
The first hamsters were found in the Syrian desert and were known as the Golden hamster
Many hamsters only blink one eye at a time
When glass breaks, it showers TOWARDS, not away from the force that broke it. To reiterate, I will repeat it again one more time, to recap, TOWARDS the force, not away
If all the gold in the ocean were mined, every person on Earth would get about 20 kgs of gold each. Thanx clem
If you rubbed garlic on the sole of your feet, it would be absorbed and eventually show up on your breath (unsure)
People drank gold powder mixed in with water in medieval Europe to relieve pain from sore limbs
If you leave a goldfish in a dark room for years, it will turn white. (be reminded of the RSPCA though)
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit
There are over125 different kinds of goldfish
Goldfish might have a memory span after all, shown by associative learning (they approach the surface when you’re about to feed them). Thanx A Koey.
If you had enough water to fill one million goldfish bowls, you could fill an entire stadium
Sadly less than 0.0001% of people signed the guestbook on this website, and it got so bad that i took it off altogether
You can also support this site by visiting adverts that interest you
Galileo became totally blind shortly before his death.(probably from looking at the sun too much)
Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying
Different materials were used for chewing before gum was invented. The Greeks used mastic tree resin; the Italians, frankincense; the West Indians, aromatic twigs; the Arabs, beeswax
Chewing gum used to be made of paraffin wax
The gum we know today was created by Thomas Adams. The interesting fact was that it was made from Sapodilla tree sap (chicle) while Thomas was looking for a cheaper alternative to rubber, but was unable to refine the chicle. Instead he turned them into chewing gum
Chewing gum is banned in Singapore
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue. i know some people who can do some amazing stuff too
Giraffes have the same number of vertebrae in their necks as humans. Their lips are prehensile, their tongues are 21 inches long, and they cannot cough.
The reason firehouse stairways are circular is from the days when the engines were pulled by horses. The horses were stabled on the ground floor but figured out how to walk up straight staircases. (unsure)
Finagle’s Law was the one that went, “Anything that can go wrong, will go wrong.” Not Murphy’s Law
Bows and arrows used to be meade from the yew tree in the 1500s, so when an arrow was shot it was called “plucking the yew.” At the Battle of Agincort (once again, not sure), the French party was going to capture the English and cut of their middle fingers so they couldn’t pluck the yew. However, the English people heard of their plan and weren’t captured. So, they taunted the french people by waving their middle fingers and saysing “Look, we can still pluck yew!” So “pluck yew” was a phrase used to taunt french people, until it evolved to “fuck you” and the hand gesture was associated with… well, we all know what it’s supposed to look like. Anyway, that’s how my history teacher heard it. Thanx Superchick
‘fuck’ comes from the sentence, “Fornication Under Consent of the King” which was what they called a whore house back then. This came from a facts book i read. Honest
‘fuck’ comes from ‘fichen’, German for “to strike.”
Webster’s says that it most likely comes from fokken, “to breed (cattle).” Thanx Jon C
The word “FUCK” comes from the olden days. When a person was caught being unfaithful, they were made to wear a sign saying “FUCK”, it stood for “For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge”. Thanx Connor B.
The word fuck came from WW 1 ,the german airplane manafactuar foccas was the cause, the british use the word as a swear. Thanx Mick Q
Fleas are essential to the health of armadillos and hedgehogs; they provide necessary stimulation of the skin. Deloused armadillos and hedgehogs will die
A flea can jump 350 times is own body length. (say..you jumping the length of a soccer field)thanx seraph
Franz Ferdinand was killed.. remember that the guys death partly caused the World War I (WWI). Anyway, his death was almost unavoidable. After an attempted assasination using a bomb failed, (because the bomb hit the rear mud flap of the car Ferdinand was in and bounced away) authorities decided to change the route of Ferdinands tour… but failed to inform the driver of the car. And so, unfortunately, at one stage, the driver took a wrong turn and drove into an alley. While reversing out, Princip (killer) came and shot Ferdinand and his wife at a distance of 4-5 feet killing them. Ferdinand brought his wife to Serejavo to celebrate their anniversary. (And you thought you had a bad day).
February 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon
Pope Adrian VI choked to death after a fly got stuck in his throat as he was taking a drink from a fountain
Flies taste with their feet
A fly can react to something it sees and change direction in 30 milliseconds
A fly always jumps backwards for a quick getaway when you try to hit it. (Listen up all you fly haters)
Assuming that all the offspring survived, 190,000,000,000,000,000,000 flies could be produced in four months by the offspring of a single pair of flies
A housefly can transport germs as far as 15 miles away from the original source of contamination.
Because of an egg’s structure, you won’t be able to break it by squeezing the ends of an egg with your thumb and finger. Thats why people use the design so often for building arches, gutters, drain pipes, and even when God created the skull. Makes sense doesn’t it? Thanx J Kennedy
An egg will float if placed in water in which sugar has been added
Elephants remain pregnant for 2 years, and then cannot become pregnant again for another 2 years afterwards because the female will not ovulate
Elephants can’t jump
Baby elephants can drink over 80 litres of milk a day. (Do you drink milk?)
An elephant can smell water three miles away
An elephant has 4 knees
Elephants were considered the enemies of dragons
African elephants only have four teeth to chew their food with
During the 1600’s, boys and girls in England wore dresses until they were about seven years old
In Britain, failed suicidees were hanged in the 19th century. (I won’t even comment on this one)
E-mails started in 1971. Ray Tomlinson is it’s DADDY!! and the first e-mail was sent WRITTEN ENTIRELY IN UPPER CASE
There are approximately 10 million bricks in the Empire State Building. Thanx Laine S.
Elvis had a twin brother named Garon, who died. Elvis’ middle name Aaron is in his honour
In 1971, Elvis was appointed an honourary FBI agent by Nixon before Nixon’s resignation.Thanx Spike
Everest is not the tallest mountain. Mauna Kea Mountain in the Hawaiian Island is 230m taller. It is 4201m above water and 4877 underwater! Everest is only 8848m
Mount Everest which was named by Colonel Waugh was innitially named Gahoorishanke (Presented before the Academy of Sciences in Paris 1857)
Emus cannot walk backwards.
Thomas Edison, lightbulb inventor, was afraid of the dark
He also helped create the electric chair
The first words that Thomas A. Edison spoke into the phonograph were, “Mary had a little lamb.”
The first sound recording was recently discovered to be made 17 years before Edison’s phonograph. It was recorded by French inventor Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville who recorded it visually on smoked paper
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand
Camel’s milk does not curdle
Camel is considered unclean meat in the Bible
It only takes a camel 10 minutes to drink enough water to completely rehydrate himself
Dragonfly larvae develop under the water and eject water from their anus to propel them for short distances
A dragonfly can fly 25 mph
A dragonfly is also known as “devil’s darning needle”, “horse stinger” and “devil’s steelyard”
If the information in DNA were put in the form of a book, these books put on top of each other would reach 70 meters high
A simple list of the bases of the entire DNA is enough to fill 200 New York City phone books
Scientist don’t know what 50% of genes do
8 mysteries were solved using DNA including: Where is Columbus Buried? Was Albert DeSalvo the Boston strangler? Did Sam Sheppard Kill His Wife? Did Thomas Jefferson Father Children with His Slave, Sally Hemings? Did Jesse James Die in 1882, or Did He Fake His Death? Could the Romanovs Have Survived the Russian Revolution? Was Anna Anderson Really Anastasia? Did the Last Dauphin Escape?
In the last 4000 years, no new animals have been domesticated… including husbands
Duelling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors
The dioxin 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin is 150,000 times deadlier than cyanide
The placement of a donkey’s eyes in its’ heads enables it to see all four feet at all times
A female donkey is called a Jennet or Jenny
The electric chair was first thought up by a dentist and was later commissioned to be built by Thomas Edison
Donald Duck comics were once banned from Finland because he/it didn’t wear pants
Dominique Larrey, Napoleon’s chief surgeon, could amputate a leg in 13 seconds.
Laika the dog, was the first living thing shot into space
Not mentioned was that Laika died within 7 hours of launch. This fact was only revealed almost 50 years later
A human’s scent membrane in the nose is about the size of a postage stamp. A dog’s is about the size of a handkerchief. It’s olfactory lobe is also 4 times that of a human. Thanx liz chell
It has been reported that some dogs are able to sniff out skin cancer. It’s in a journal on Lancet
Since the beginning of this fact, 3000 puppies were born in the U.S.A
At birth, a dalmatian puppy is always pure white
Police dogs are trained to react to commands in a foreign language; commonly German but more recently Hungarian
Dogs and cats consume more than US$11 billion worth of pet food a year
The Catholic Church only declared in 1992 that the earth may go round the sun.
80% of arrested criminals are male. (and you girls thought that we just sit on the couch and fart whole day).
There are more coffee drug addicts in the US than drug addicts of any other kind.
The liquid inside coconuts can be used as blood plasma substitutes!
The horse shoe crab has blue blood which can be used to kill bacteria
Chocolate is potentially lethal to a dog coz cocoa beans contain theobromine which can poison the poor bastard. Caffine is also potentially lethal
Cows release 50 million metric tonnes of methane gas a year
A cow has 4 stomachs
Cows sweat through their noses. (Think twice before clicking here.)
An American cow called Fawn was not afraid of flying. In May 1963, she was swept up by a tornado and carried half a mile, only to land safely in another farmer’s field. Five years later, another tornado carried her over a bus. She survived this too, and lived to the ripe old age of 25
Cows, like my granny, do not have upper teeth
One cow can produce up to 200,000 glasses of milk in its lifetime
A group of cow is called a murder
Crocodiles have brains no larger than a cigar and they cannot stick their tongue out. (I wonder why)
Crocodiles can snap their jaws in 1/8th of a second and can use over 40 sets of teeth
Some large clouds store enough water for 500000 showers
The first contraceptive diaphragms, centuries ago, were citrus rinds (i.e., half an orange rind). Casanova used half lemon rinds as a cervical cap and the acidic juice as a potent spremicide(something that kills sperms).Thanx Donna C
The Egyptians used crocodile dung as contraception
In the city of Carmel, where Clint Eastwood grew up, they dont have postmen, coz they dont have street numbers. Ppl go to the post to collect their mail. Thanx Erin
On the old Canadian 2 dollar bill,the flag flying over the Parliament Building is NOT an American flag.Thanx Doug B. and Dwain
Canada actually comes from the word ‘Kanata’, a Huron or Iroquois word for village, and Canada is a ‘big village’
In a deck of cards, the King of Hearts is the only king without a moustache
Unique to the French card masters, the court cards were identified to a historical figure. The kings included Solomon, Augustus, Clovis, and Constantine, and during the reign of Henry IV were changed to represent Charlemagne (hearts), David (spades), Caesar (diamonds), and Alexander (clubs). The queens were Judith (hearts), Pallas (spades), Rachel (diamonds), and Argine (clubs) to much debate. However, the knaves represented Etienne de Vignoles, Knight and Hero of France (heart), Ogier (one of Charlemagne’s knights in the Chansons de Geste and the knight who is carried off by the witch Morgan la Fay in Arthurian legend) (spades), Hector (the hero of Troy)(diamond), and Lancelot (clubs). By Barbara and David P. Mikkelson
It takes about 2.7 litres of water to make 1 litre of coke
In 2007, the UK consumed over 1 trillion litres of coca-cola products
The citric acid in Coke removes stains from vitreous china
Coca-cola can remove blood stains
Coke can clean chrome better than commercial cleaners: Rub the bumper with a crumpled-up piece of aluminium foil dipped in Coke
Can loosen a rusted bolt; Applying a cloth soaked in Coke to the rusted bolt for several minutes
To bake a moist ham; Empty a can of Coke into the baking pan; wrap the ham in aluminium foil, and bake. Thirty minutes before the ham is finished, remove the foil, allowing the rippings to mix with the Coke for a sumptuous brown gravy
Can help loosen grease stains. It will also clean road haze from your windshield
Is one of the most popular drink in the world
Coca-cola was never green as some sites would have it
There are more than 40,000 characters in Chinese script. (I could have sworn it was more.)
The caterpillar has more than 2,000 muscles
Cicadas have their hearing organs in their stomachs, at the base of the abdomen
A cicada has 5 eyes. 2 big red ones and 3 smaller ones to detect light
Cicadas can spend up to 17 years underground eating tree roots
Male cicadas make the loudest noise in the insect world, the exact opposite of that in the human world
The African cicada clicks at up to 106 dB, louder than a chainsaw at 100 dB
The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth 2, moves 26 feet for each gallon of diesel that it burns. (someone actually bothered with the calculation)
If you chew a cabbage/lettuce leaf properly, you’ll lose more energy than you’ll gain from actually eating it.
The catfish has over 27,000 taste buds
A marine catfish can taste with any part of its body
The Nile catfish swims upside down
The light from your computer screen streams at you at almost 186,000 miles per second
It takes only 8 minutes for sunlight to travel from the sun to the earth, which also means, if you see the sun go out, it actually went out 8 minutes ago
Rubbing cocoa butter on your abdomen during pregnancy will prevent stretch marks. Thanx udamann
Coffee beans can be mixed into B type blood, changing it into O type blood. Seriously, don’t try this. Its so crazy it might just be true
A single coffee tree yields only one pound of roasted, ground coffee annually.
eld before dropping dead
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds!
A chicken’s heart beats 300 times a minute
Hens can lay an egg a day, with the world record held by a White Leghorn who laid 371 eggs in 364 days!
The first domestic chicken was the Gallus Gallus over 8000 years ago
America eats 8 BILLION chickens a year
Hens lay bigger and stronger eggs if they think a day is 28 hours long
Chickens actually have different clucks for different predators
Most chickens live in China
The chicken is the closest living relative of the T-rex
The US National Chicken Council =D estimated people to consume 80 pounds of chicken per person per year. Beef if 63 pounds
The waste produced by 1 chicken in its lifetime can generate enough electricity to run a 100 Watt bulb for 5 hours
The cockroach has a high resistance to radiation and is the creature most likely to survive a nuclear war
Fried cockroach with garlic is used as medicine for the common cold (unsure)
The cockroach is the fastest animal on 6 legs, covering a meter a second
If it were human size, it could run at speeds of 300MPH
If you cut off the head of a cockroach, it can still survive but will eventually die, but only because it cannot eat without its head
Cockroaches can change course as many as 25 times in one second
Cats sweat through the pads of their feet (especially when they hear a dog barking) and cannot taste sweet things
Cat’s urine glows under a black-light. (But did you reeeeally want to know this?)
Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds, dogs only have about ten (unsure)
Cats have 32 muscles in each ear
Cats can hear ultrasound which is often used to repel them
There are about 9 million cats in the UK
The Mammal Society says cats kill around 275 million prey items a year, including over 55 million birds. Voles and other small mammals make up much of the remainder
Colour blind people are used to detect camouflaged units in previous war-fare
Everyone is colourblind at birth
Bamboo can grow up to 36 inches in a day
Eating breakfast will help you burn from 5-20% more calories throughout the day
A boeing 747s wingspan is longer than the Wright brother’s first flight (120ft)
Gutzon Borglum, the sculptor of the four Presidents on Mount Rushmore, died a few months before the project was completed. It took him 14 years
The beaver is America’s largest rodent and can remain underwater for 20 minutes! erm… sealions can do that as well
Bruce Lee was the Hong Kong ‘cha cha’ dance champion in 1958.(Hang on… Bruce Lee a cha cha king? This i gotta see) He was also an American born in San Francisco and had a German grandfather. THanx Mrtan787
If you put a piece of scotch tape on an inflated balloon, then stick it with a small pin or needle, it won’t pop. Thanx harrison
Barbie’s full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts
If Barbie were life-size, her measurements would be 39-23-33. She would stand seven feet, two inches tall and have a neck twice the length of a normal human’s neck
Barbie was originally based on the “Bild Lili doll”, a prostitute in a comic strip drawn by Reinhard Beuthin and first sold in Germany in 1955. The doll was marketed to adult men in bars and tobacco shops, not to children
Barbie’s boyfriend Ken was not sold in India until recently because it clashed with the traditional arranged marriage
Ruth Handler, the co-founder of Mattel, was also the inventor of prosthetic breast implants
Bulls are not attracted to the colour red. Thanx Gwynovere C.
A bean has more DNA per cell than a human cell
The Mexican Jumping Bean is actually a thin-shelled seed containing the larva of the jumping bean moth (Laspeyresia saltitans).
Birds are largely unaffected by spicy things, like chilie or Nandos peri-peri sauce, as they not sensitive to capsaicin, the hot stuff in chilie
The shadow bird always builds a 3-room nest. The third section is the nursery; the second is a pantry; and in the first, the male parent stands guard against intruders
Birds of prey like castros are able to keep their head steady during flight in order to have better image stabilization to localize prey
Hawkes and eagles have visual acuity more than 3 times that of humans
Apparently, according to Playtex, the best selling bra sizes these days are 34B and 36B. (hmmm…)
The first bar code was used on Wrigleys gum
The Burramundy, a fish, grows up as a male, but after 2 years or so, it turns into a female to breed. (i think papaya(papua?) trees are the same)
Most marine fish can survive in a tank filled with human blood (who even tried this?)
The Nile catfish swim upside down
A carp might be able to learn to differentiate music (blues from classical)
The drum fish hears with its air bladder which transmits sound into their ear bone otherwise known as the “Weberian apparatus.”
Blackholes are not entirely black. They emit a radiation aura due to atoms being split. This causes an eerie glow around its edges
If Earth were to implode into a black hole, it would be the size of a tennis ball
Over billions of years, black holes become white holes and they spit out all of the things they sucked in. The atoms are completely jumbled, so no one knows what will ever come out. Theoratically they’ll also turn into a white hole. If you were unfortunate enough to fall within one, you would never actually hit — because time would stop at some point within the event horizon (space outside) of the black hole. Thanx De Composed
There is more bacteria in your mouth than the human population of U.S and Canada combined. Thanx Julie for this and a couple more
Bees can see ultraviolet light
Most honey bees die after they sting people as our skin is elastic, unsuitable for their stingers which are meant for harder inelastic skin. Their venom glands are also torn out in the process. (So removing the stinger by piching the tip is well, in one word, dumb.jk)Thanx Mr Tuvai
A bee can travel 4 million miles (6.5 million km) at 7 mph (11 km/h) on the energy it would obtain from 1 gallon (3.785 liters) of nectar, or it could just sit down on and enjoy that honey properly
Honeybees have a type of hair on their eyes
Some honeybees have been trained to ’smell’ out TNT in landmines instead of pollen
You can’t kill yourself by holding your breath
We lose half a litre of water a day through breathing. This is the water vapour we see when we breathe onto glass
Beetles taste like apples, wasps like pine nuts, and white worms like fried pork rinds
The original name for a butterfly was flutterby
What does a Dead Leaf, Paper Kite, Blue Striped Crow,Julia and Great Egg Fly have in common? They’re all butterflies!Thanx Bijou
Butterflies cannot fly if their body temperature is less than 86 degrees
Butterflies taste with their feet
You sit on the biggest muscle in your body, the gluteus maximus a.k.a the butt. Each of the two cheeky muscle tips the scales at about two pounds (not including the overlying fat layer). The tiniest muscle, the stapedius of the middle ear, is just one-fifth of an inch long
The strongest muscle in the body is the tongue
Remember, when someone annoys you it takes 42 muscles in your face to frown, BUT, it only takes 4 muscles to extend your arm and bitch-slap the mo**erf**k*r upside the head, and 2 muscles to move your lips and tell the person to kiss your ass
It takes about 20 seconds for a red blood cell to circulate through the whole body
On average, Americans spend about 6 months of their lives waiting at red traffic lights
Everyday, almost 1 in 2 Americans are on a diet
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave.      < == ( the arrow is pointing left. Just in case)
Most bats give birth to only a single pup each year. They are the slowest reproducing mammals on earth for their size
Bats can fly up to 2 miles high to feed or to catch tailwinds for travel
Some bats have echolation that can separate human hair
Vampire bats adopt orphans, and even risk their own lives to share food with less fortunate roost-mates
An anticoagulant from vampire bat saliva could be used to treat stroke victims
Little brown bats can stop breathing for 48 minutes during hibernation
A Baboon called “Jackie” became a private in the South African army in World War I
You’re born with 300 bones, but when you get to be an adult, you only have 206. (apparently they fuse together such as the parietal, occipital of the skull) thanx Christie
1/4 of the bones in your body, are in your feet
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete. Wow… utterly amazing huh
The only jointless bone in your body is the hyoid bone in your throat
The sound you hear when you macho people crack your knuckles is actually the sound of nitrogen gas bubbles bursting.
Believe that Buddha, Moses, Jesus, Muhammad and Baha’u'llah are all prophets from God? Believe in progressive revelation? Have you heard of bahai’s or the Baha’i faith?
Abdul Baha was initally scheduled to be on Titanic for His voyage to America
Unlike other religions, Baha’is do not accept donations outside the faith
Iranian Baha’is are still being prosecuted in this day and age. They are ejected from universities, imprisoned, their graves and Holy sites are demolished, homes raided and assets confiscated.
Most caucasian babies are born with dark blue eyes, although it normally changes colour after child birth
Human babies are born 2 months premature for their size and lifespan. This is to accomodate for the fact that we have large brains during birth. (Got this off my lecture)
Babies crawl an average of 200m a day
Babies are born without knee caps. They don’t appear until the child reaches 2 to 6 years of age
August has the highest percentage of births
Abdul Kassam Ismael, Grand Vizier of Persia in the tenth century, carried his library with him wherever he went. Four hundred camels carried the 117,000 volumes.
Hans Christian Anderson, the creater of fairy tales, was actually word-blind. He was never able to spell correctly. His publishers had to correct his errors. Much like this website.
Apparently 1/3 of people with alarm clocks hit the ’snooze’ button every morning, and in the 25-34 age group, it is over half. (Are you 1 of them?)
Al Gore and Tommy Lee Jones were once roommates. Thanx Rebecca
Adolph Hitler was a vegetarian
and had only 1, and i repeat, ONE, testicle. (unsure)
Hitler was voted Time Magazine’s man of the year in 1938
Adolf Hitler failed the entrance exam at an Art school in Austria (run by Jewish people) because his drawings were ‘child like’ and also fell in love with a Jewish girl from a rich family who wanted her to have nothing to do with him. This was where Nazism and Hitler’s hate for Jews and contemporary art was born
Apples are scientifically known as M. Communis
In olden times, ripe apples were used as a laxative while raw apples were used as an anti-diarrheal medication. This is due to Pectin in the apple which soaks up water and stimulates the gut
Gases emitted from a banana or an apple can help an orange ripen. (Not sure which fruits are concerned)
The bark of the apple tree was also once used to bring down fevers
The weight of air in a milk glass is about the same as the weight of one aspirin. (But one also wonders how big a milk glass is… anyone?)
There is air in space, but very little of it. In fact, it is equivalent to a marble in a box 5 miles wide. Most of the gas is captured by the gravitational pull of other celestial bodies.Thanx M.Lerner
Americans on average eat 18 acres of pizza every day
Ants make up 1/10 of the total world animal tissue, and some can survive for up to two days underwater (African army ant)
The animal with the largest brain in proportion to its size is the ant
Ants dont sleep. Thanx teepo (apparently noone can be sure since they don’t have eyelids, they also have no need for sleep)
Ants taste like sweet tarts. (from experience..)Thanx RiffSingr
There are one million ants to every human in the world
